
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.001203                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                  1203372762                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               449098452402                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 423649                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   542827                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                                  37963                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                               67607184                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                 31698.68                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                 13429117054                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                   17206913119                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus00.inst         3200                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus00.data        32512                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus01.inst         3200                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus01.data        32128                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus02.inst         1792                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus02.data        35584                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus03.inst         3200                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus03.data        91520                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus04.inst         1792                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus04.data        33024                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus05.inst         3328                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus05.data        17664                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus06.inst         1792                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus06.data        32640                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus07.inst         3712                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus07.data        25856                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus08.inst         3968                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus08.data        57984                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus09.inst         3840                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus09.data        57472                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus10.inst         3456                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus10.data        23808                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus11.inst         3200                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus11.data        89984                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus12.inst         3712                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus12.data        24960                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus13.inst         3712                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus13.data        55936                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus14.inst         3328                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus14.data        25472                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus15.inst         3072                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus15.data        92672                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::total               779520                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus00.inst         3200                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus01.inst         3200                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus02.inst         1792                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus03.inst         3200                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus04.inst         1792                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus05.inst         3328                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus06.inst         1792                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus07.inst         3712                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus08.inst         3968                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus09.inst         3840                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus10.inst         3456                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus11.inst         3200                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus12.inst         3712                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus13.inst         3712                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus14.inst         3328                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus15.inst         3072                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total           50304                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks       326784                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::total            326784                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus00.inst           25                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus00.data          254                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus01.inst           25                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus01.data          251                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus02.inst           14                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus02.data          278                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus03.inst           25                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus03.data          715                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus04.inst           14                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus04.data          258                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus05.inst           26                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus05.data          138                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus06.inst           14                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus06.data          255                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus07.inst           29                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus07.data          202                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus08.inst           31                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus08.data          453                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus09.inst           30                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus09.data          449                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus10.inst           27                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus10.data          186                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus11.inst           25                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus11.data          703                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus12.inst           29                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus12.data          195                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus13.inst           29                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus13.data          437                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus14.inst           26                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus14.data          199                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus15.inst           24                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus15.data          724                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::total                  6090                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::writebacks            2553                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::functional               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::interrupt                0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::total                 2553                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus00.inst      2659193                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus00.data     27017397                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus01.inst      2659193                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus01.data     26698294                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus02.inst      1489148                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus02.data     29570222                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus03.inst      2659193                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus03.data     76052910                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus04.inst      1489148                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus04.data     27442868                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus05.inst      2765560                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus05.data     14678743                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus06.inst      1489148                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus06.data     27123765                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus07.inst      3084663                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus07.data     21486277                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus08.inst      3297399                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus08.data     48184571                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus09.inst      3191031                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus09.data     47759100                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus10.inst      2871928                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus10.data     19784393                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus11.inst      2659193                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus11.data     74776497                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus12.inst      3084663                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus12.data     20741703                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus13.inst      3084663                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus13.data     46482687                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus14.inst      2765560                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus14.data     21167173                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus15.inst      2552825                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus15.data     77010219                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::total               647779329                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus00.inst      2659193                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus01.inst      2659193                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus02.inst      1489148                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus03.inst      2659193                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus04.inst      1489148                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus05.inst      2765560                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus06.inst      1489148                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus07.inst      3084663                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus08.inst      3297399                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus09.inst      3191031                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus10.inst      2871928                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus11.inst      2659193                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus12.inst      3084663                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus13.inst      3084663                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus14.inst      2765560                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus15.inst      2552825                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::total           41802508                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::writebacks         271556753                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::total              271556753                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::writebacks         271556753                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus00.inst      2659193                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus00.data     27017397                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus01.inst      2659193                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus01.data     26698294                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus02.inst      1489148                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus02.data     29570222                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus03.inst      2659193                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus03.data     76052910                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus04.inst      1489148                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus04.data     27442868                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus05.inst      2765560                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus05.data     14678743                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus06.inst      1489148                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus06.data     27123765                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus07.inst      3084663                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus07.data     21486277                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus08.inst      3297399                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus08.data     48184571                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus09.inst      3191031                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus09.data     47759100                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus10.inst      2871928                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus10.data     19784393                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus11.inst      2659193                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus11.data     74776497                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus12.inst      3084663                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus12.data     20741703                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus13.inst      3084663                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus13.data     46482687                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus14.inst      2765560                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus14.data     21167173                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus15.inst      2552825                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus15.data     77010219                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::total              919336082                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus00.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus00.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus00.numCycles                2885787                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus00.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus00.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.lookups         221662                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.condPredicted       196349                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        19253                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       141510                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBHits         137709                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.usedRAS          13675                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          628                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2305209                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Insts              1257936                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Branches            221662                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.predictedBranches       151384                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Cycles              278501                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.SquashCycles         62842                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.BlockedCycles        38636                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.CacheLines          140768                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.IcacheSquashes        18684                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::samples      2665814                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.532178                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.787176                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::0        2387313     89.55%     89.55% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::1          41137      1.54%     91.10% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::2          21651      0.81%     91.91% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::3          40435      1.52%     93.42% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::4          13478      0.51%     93.93% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::5          37582      1.41%     95.34% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::6           6061      0.23%     95.57% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::7          10500      0.39%     95.96% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::8         107657      4.04%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::total      2665814                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.branchRate        0.076812                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rate              0.435907                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.decode.IdleCycles        2237364                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BlockedCycles       107314                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus00.decode.RunCycles          277755                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus00.decode.UnblockCycles          328                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.decode.SquashCycles        43047                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BranchResolved        21882                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BranchMispred          421                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus00.decode.DecodedInsts      1413624                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus00.decode.SquashedInsts         1754                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus00.rename.SquashCycles        43047                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.rename.IdleCycles        2245016                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus00.rename.BlockCycles         69732                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus00.rename.serializeStallCycles        16130                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RunCycles          271540                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus00.rename.UnblockCycles        20343                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenamedInsts      1410667                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus00.rename.ROBFullEvents            7                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.IQFullEvents         1195                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.LSQFullEvents        18114                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenamedOperands      1855940                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenameLookups      6402608                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus00.rename.int_rename_lookups      6402608                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus00.rename.CommittedMaps      1478065                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.UndoneMaps         377848                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus00.rename.serializingInsts          205                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.tempSerializingInsts          111                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.skidInsts           37405                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.insertedLoads       248519                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.insertedStores        42623                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.conflictingLoads          273                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.conflictingStores         9365                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqInstsAdded          1401417                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          209                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqInstsIssued         1302582                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1250                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       268849                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       568186                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           11                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2665814                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.488624                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.106193                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      2094056     78.55%     78.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       188564      7.07%     85.63% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       180883      6.79%     92.41% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       110168      4.13%     96.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        58456      2.19%     98.74% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        15361      0.58%     99.31% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        17537      0.66%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::7          415      0.02%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::8          374      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2665814                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          2339     57.26%     57.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     57.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     57.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     57.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     57.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     57.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     57.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     57.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     57.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     57.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     57.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     57.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     57.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     57.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     57.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     57.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     57.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::MemRead          973     23.82%     81.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::MemWrite          773     18.92%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1024635     78.66%     78.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        10496      0.81%     79.47% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     79.47% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.47% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.47% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.47% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.47% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.47% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.47% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.47% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.47% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.47% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.47% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.47% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.47% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.47% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.47% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.47% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.47% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.47% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.47% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.47% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.47% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.47% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.47% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc           95      0.01%     79.47% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.47% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.47% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.47% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       225339     17.30%     96.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        42017      3.23%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::total      1302582                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.rate                 0.451378                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_busy_cnt              4085                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.003136                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      5276312                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1670494                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1267189                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_alu_accesses      1306667                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         1155                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        53221                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            3                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           21                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1736                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewSquashCycles        43047                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewBlockCycles         36656                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewUnblockCycles         2460                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1401631                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           51                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       248519                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        42623                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          110                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewIQFullEvents          492                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           34                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus00.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           21                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus00.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        11518                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus00.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         8870                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus00.iew.branchMispredicts        20388                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1283633                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       221379                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        18948                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_nop                   5                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_refs             263375                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_branches         194427                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_stores            41996                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_rate           0.444812                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_sent              1267821                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_count             1267189                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_producers          765931                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_consumers         1694445                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_rate             0.439114                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_fanout           0.452025                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitCommittedInsts      1000001                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitCommittedOps      1129674                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitSquashedInsts       272012                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          198                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus00.commit.branchMispredicts        18939                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2622767                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.430718                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.298525                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      2200563     83.90%     83.90% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       166629      6.35%     90.26% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       106667      4.07%     94.32% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        33251      1.27%     95.59% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        55172      2.10%     97.69% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        11215      0.43%     98.12% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         7251      0.28%     98.40% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         6463      0.25%     98.64% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        35556      1.36%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2622767                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committedInsts      1000001                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committedOps      1129674                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.refs               236185                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.loads              195298                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.membars                98                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.branches           173315                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.int_insts          988112                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.function_calls        14525                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.bw_lim_events        35556                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus00.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus00.rob.rob_reads            3988884                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus00.rob.rob_writes           2846469                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus00.timesIdled                 51370                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus00.idleCycles                219973                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus00.committedInsts           1000001                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.committedOps             1129674                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.committedInsts_total      1000001                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.cpi                     2.885784                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus00.cpi_total               2.885784                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus00.ipc                     0.346526                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus00.ipc_total               0.346526                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus00.int_regfile_reads        5955957                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus00.int_regfile_writes       1657754                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus00.misc_regfile_reads       1489270                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus00.misc_regfile_writes          198                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus01.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus01.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus01.numCycles                2885787                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus01.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus01.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.lookups         221758                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.condPredicted       196409                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        19179                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       141730                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBHits         137869                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.usedRAS          13683                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          644                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2305108                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Insts              1257720                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Branches            221758                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.predictedBranches       151552                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Cycles              278569                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.SquashCycles         62443                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.BlockedCycles        39159                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.CacheLines          140691                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.IcacheSquashes        18627                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::samples      2665980                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.531939                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.786665                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::0        2387411     89.55%     89.55% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::1          41195      1.55%     91.10% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::2          21765      0.82%     91.91% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::3          40563      1.52%     93.43% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::4          13428      0.50%     93.94% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::5          37474      1.41%     95.34% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::6           6022      0.23%     95.57% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::7          10466      0.39%     95.96% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::8         107656      4.04%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::total      2665980                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.branchRate        0.076845                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rate              0.435833                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.decode.IdleCycles        2235831                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BlockedCycles       109274                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus01.decode.RunCycles          277817                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus01.decode.UnblockCycles          329                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.decode.SquashCycles        42723                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BranchResolved        21962                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BranchMispred          421                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus01.decode.DecodedInsts      1413091                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus01.decode.SquashedInsts         1760                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus01.rename.SquashCycles        42723                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.rename.IdleCycles        2243587                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus01.rename.BlockCycles         70668                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus01.rename.serializeStallCycles        16729                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RunCycles          271536                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus01.rename.UnblockCycles        20731                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenamedInsts      1410123                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus01.rename.ROBFullEvents           13                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.IQFullEvents         1179                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.LSQFullEvents        18546                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenamedOperands      1855900                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenameLookups      6399224                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus01.rename.int_rename_lookups      6399224                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus01.rename.CommittedMaps      1480821                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.UndoneMaps         375073                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus01.rename.serializingInsts          199                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.tempSerializingInsts          105                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.skidInsts           38121                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.insertedLoads       248109                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.insertedStores        42535                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.conflictingLoads          351                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.conflictingStores         9390                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqInstsAdded          1400856                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          202                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqInstsIssued         1302694                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1303                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       266399                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       562874                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved            5                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2665980                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.488636                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.105851                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      2093700     78.53%     78.53% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       189272      7.10%     85.63% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       180726      6.78%     92.41% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       110278      4.14%     96.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        58393      2.19%     98.74% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        15225      0.57%     99.31% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        17613      0.66%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::7          423      0.02%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::8          350      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2665980                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          2409     57.92%     57.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     57.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     57.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     57.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     57.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     57.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     57.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     57.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     57.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     57.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     57.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     57.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     57.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     57.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     57.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     57.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     57.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::MemRead          974     23.42%     81.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::MemWrite          776     18.66%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1025034     78.69%     78.69% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        10556      0.81%     79.50% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     79.50% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.50% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.50% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.50% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.50% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.50% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.50% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.50% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.50% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.50% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.50% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.50% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.50% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.50% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.50% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.50% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.50% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.50% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.50% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.50% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.50% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.50% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.50% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc           95      0.01%     79.50% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.50% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.50% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.50% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       225008     17.27%     96.78% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        42001      3.22%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::total      1302694                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.rate                 0.451417                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_busy_cnt              4159                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.003193                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      5276830                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1667478                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1267620                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_alu_accesses      1306853                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         1127                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        52649                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            9                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           22                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1540                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewSquashCycles        42723                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewBlockCycles         36641                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewUnblockCycles         2531                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1401066                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           72                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       248109                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        42535                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          104                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewIQFullEvents          516                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           39                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus01.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           22                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus01.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        11496                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus01.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         8757                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus01.iew.branchMispredicts        20253                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1284117                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       221420                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        18577                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_nop                   8                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_refs             263405                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_branches         194543                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_stores            41985                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_rate           0.444980                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_sent              1268188                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_count             1267620                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_producers          766018                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_consumers         1693769                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_rate             0.439263                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_fanout           0.452256                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitCommittedInsts      1001578                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitCommittedOps      1131608                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitSquashedInsts       269527                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          197                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus01.commit.branchMispredicts        18863                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2623257                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.431375                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.299214                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      2200224     83.87%     83.87% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       167042      6.37%     90.24% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       106774      4.07%     94.31% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        33352      1.27%     95.58% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        55347      2.11%     97.69% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        11177      0.43%     98.12% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         7283      0.28%     98.40% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         6473      0.25%     98.64% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        35585      1.36%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2623257                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committedInsts      1001578                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committedOps      1131608                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.refs               236451                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.loads              195456                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.membars                98                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.branches           173598                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.int_insts          989842                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.function_calls        14563                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.bw_lim_events        35585                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus01.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus01.rob.rob_reads            3988794                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus01.rob.rob_writes           2845027                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus01.timesIdled                 51209                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus01.idleCycles                219807                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus01.committedInsts           1001578                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.committedOps             1131608                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.committedInsts_total      1001578                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.cpi                     2.881240                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus01.cpi_total               2.881240                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus01.ipc                     0.347073                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus01.ipc_total               0.347073                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus01.int_regfile_reads        5957797                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus01.int_regfile_writes       1658351                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus01.misc_regfile_reads       1488978                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus01.misc_regfile_writes          196                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus02.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus02.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.workload.num_syscalls                  0                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus02.numCycles                2885787                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus02.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus02.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.lookups         232102                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.condPredicted       190599                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        24752                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        95858                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBHits          89400                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.usedRAS          23254                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         1079                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2227022                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Insts              1324812                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Branches            232102                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.predictedBranches       112654                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Cycles              290355                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.SquashCycles         70491                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.BlockedCycles        73821                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.CacheLines          138872                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.IcacheSquashes        24454                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::samples      2636556                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.614409                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.966682                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::0        2346201     88.99%     88.99% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::1          30718      1.17%     90.15% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::2          36952      1.40%     91.55% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::3          19677      0.75%     92.30% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::4          22228      0.84%     93.14% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::5          12905      0.49%     93.63% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::6           8824      0.33%     93.97% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::7          22517      0.85%     94.82% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::8         136534      5.18%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::total      2636556                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.branchRate        0.080429                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rate              0.459082                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.decode.IdleCycles        2208622                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BlockedCycles        92855                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus02.decode.RunCycles          287723                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus02.decode.UnblockCycles         2369                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.decode.SquashCycles        44978                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BranchResolved        37251                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BranchMispred          380                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus02.decode.DecodedInsts      1614940                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus02.decode.SquashedInsts         2126                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus02.rename.SquashCycles        44978                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.rename.IdleCycles        2212585                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus02.rename.BlockCycles         21668                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus02.rename.serializeStallCycles        60923                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RunCycles          286206                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus02.rename.UnblockCycles        10188                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenamedInsts      1612705                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus02.rename.ROBFullEvents            1                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.IQFullEvents         2283                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.LSQFullEvents         4885                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.FullRegisterEvents           28                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenamedOperands      2245235                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenameLookups      7506435                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus02.rename.int_rename_lookups      7506435                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus02.rename.CommittedMaps      1887711                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.UndoneMaps         357524                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus02.rename.serializingInsts          415                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.tempSerializingInsts          231                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.skidInsts           29271                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.insertedLoads       153440                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.insertedStores        82901                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.conflictingLoads         1880                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.conflictingStores        17044                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqInstsAdded          1608767                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          415                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqInstsIssued         1510998                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1685                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       217347                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       506144                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           47                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2636556                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.573095                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.264333                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1999697     75.85%     75.85% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       256789      9.74%     85.58% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       137370      5.21%     90.79% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        95242      3.61%     94.41% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        82869      3.14%     97.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        42168      1.60%     99.15% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        10600      0.40%     99.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         6741      0.26%     99.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         5080      0.19%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2636556                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntAlu           408     12.22%     12.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::MemRead         1424     42.66%     54.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1506     45.12%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1266531     83.82%     83.82% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        23621      1.56%     85.38% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.38% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.38% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.38% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.38% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.38% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.38% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.38% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.38% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.38% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.38% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.38% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.38% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.38% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.38% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.38% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.38% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.38% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.38% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.38% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.38% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.38% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.38% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.38% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          184      0.01%     85.40% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.40% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.40% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.40% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       138459      9.16%     94.56% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        82203      5.44%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::total      1510998                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.rate                 0.523600                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_busy_cnt              3338                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002209                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      5663575                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1826560                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1484770                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_alu_accesses      1514336                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         3595                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        28462                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           16                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           31                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1914                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads           92                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewSquashCycles        44978                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewBlockCycles         16646                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1430                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1609183                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts            8                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       153440                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        82901                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          231                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewIQFullEvents         1026                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus02.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           31                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus02.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        13787                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus02.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        14209                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus02.iew.branchMispredicts        27996                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1487382                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       130165                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        23616                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_nop                   1                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_refs             212332                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_branches         207425                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_stores            82167                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_rate           0.515416                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_sent              1484857                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_count             1484770                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_producers          884610                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_consumers         2315439                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_rate             0.514511                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_fanout           0.382049                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitCommittedInsts      1108466                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitCommittedOps      1359741                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitSquashedInsts       249488                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          368                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus02.commit.branchMispredicts        24730                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2591578                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.524677                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.342424                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      2035720     78.55%     78.55% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       257915      9.95%     88.50% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       108323      4.18%     92.68% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        64612      2.49%     95.18% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        44701      1.72%     96.90% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        29000      1.12%     98.02% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        15436      0.60%     98.62% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        12044      0.46%     99.08% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        23827      0.92%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2591578                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committedInsts      1108466                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committedOps      1359741                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.refs               205965                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.loads              124978                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.membars               184                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.branches           194458                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.int_insts         1225959                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.function_calls        27648                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.bw_lim_events        23827                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus02.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus02.rob.rob_reads            4176980                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus02.rob.rob_writes           3263441                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus02.timesIdled                 36249                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus02.idleCycles                249231                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus02.committedInsts           1108466                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.committedOps             1359741                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.committedInsts_total      1108466                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.cpi                     2.603406                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus02.cpi_total               2.603406                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus02.ipc                     0.384112                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus02.ipc_total               0.384112                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus02.int_regfile_reads        6709049                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus02.int_regfile_writes       2064621                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus02.misc_regfile_reads       1506586                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus02.misc_regfile_writes          368                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus03.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus03.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus03.numCycles                2885787                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus03.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus03.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.lookups         223648                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.condPredicted       182331                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        23394                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        91201                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBHits          85425                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.usedRAS          22378                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         1033                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2168651                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Insts              1322404                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Branches            223648                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.predictedBranches       107803                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Cycles              271397                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.SquashCycles         73172                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.BlockedCycles        76022                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.CacheLines          135156                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.IcacheSquashes        23443                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::samples      2564980                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.626457                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.992054                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::0        2293583     89.42%     89.42% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::1          14344      0.56%     89.98% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::2          22888      0.89%     90.87% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::3          34071      1.33%     92.20% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::4          14330      0.56%     92.76% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::5          17161      0.67%     93.43% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::6          17614      0.69%     94.11% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::7          12204      0.48%     94.59% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::8         138785      5.41%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::total      2564980                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.branchRate        0.077500                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rate              0.458247                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.decode.IdleCycles        2140341                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BlockedCycles       105091                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus03.decode.RunCycles          269383                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus03.decode.UnblockCycles         1640                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.decode.SquashCycles        48522                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BranchResolved        36276                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BranchMispred          390                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus03.decode.DecodedInsts      1602424                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus03.decode.SquashedInsts         1357                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus03.rename.SquashCycles        48522                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.rename.IdleCycles        2145890                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus03.rename.BlockCycles         48185                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus03.rename.serializeStallCycles        39250                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RunCycles          265660                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus03.rename.UnblockCycles        17470                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenamedInsts      1598939                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus03.rename.ROBFullEvents         1125                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.IQFullEvents         3254                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.LSQFullEvents         8648                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.FullRegisterEvents         1730                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenamedOperands      2187478                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenameLookups      7454657                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus03.rename.int_rename_lookups      7454657                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus03.rename.CommittedMaps      1807934                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.UndoneMaps         379544                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus03.rename.serializingInsts          388                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.tempSerializingInsts          223                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.skidInsts           49119                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.insertedLoads       161891                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.insertedStores        89567                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.conflictingLoads         4568                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.conflictingStores        18946                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqInstsAdded          1593861                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          390                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqInstsIssued         1488212                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         2219                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       242731                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       562764                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           56                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2564980                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.580204                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.263693                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1930124     75.25%     75.25% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       257772     10.05%     85.30% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       142482      5.55%     90.85% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        93308      3.64%     94.49% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        85552      3.34%     97.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        26201      1.02%     98.85% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        18707      0.73%     99.58% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         6575      0.26%     99.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         4259      0.17%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2564980                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntAlu           387     10.32%     10.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     10.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     10.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     10.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     10.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     10.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     10.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     10.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     10.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     10.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     10.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     10.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     10.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     10.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     10.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     10.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     10.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     10.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     10.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     10.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     10.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     10.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     10.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     10.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     10.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     10.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     10.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     10.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     10.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::MemRead         1628     43.41%     53.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1735     46.27%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1225224     82.33%     82.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        27355      1.84%     84.17% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     84.17% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     84.17% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     84.17% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     84.17% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     84.17% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     84.17% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     84.17% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     84.17% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     84.17% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     84.17% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     84.17% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     84.17% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     84.17% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     84.17% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     84.17% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     84.17% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     84.17% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     84.17% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     84.17% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     84.17% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     84.17% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     84.17% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     84.17% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          165      0.01%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       147574      9.92%     94.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        87894      5.91%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::total      1488212                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.rate                 0.515704                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_busy_cnt              3750                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002520                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      5547373                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1837054                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1461071                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_alu_accesses      1491962                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         7042                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        33638                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           11                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           74                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         5664                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         1144                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewSquashCycles        48522                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewBlockCycles         33973                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewUnblockCycles         2124                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1594257                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          565                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       161891                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        89567                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          223                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewIQFullEvents         1241                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           36                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus03.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           74                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus03.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        12704                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus03.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        14411                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus03.iew.branchMispredicts        27115                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1466665                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       139747                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        21547                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_nop                   6                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_refs             227495                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_branches         199255                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_stores            87748                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_rate           0.508237                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_sent              1461210                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_count             1461071                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_producers          864003                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_consumers         2192891                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_rate             0.506299                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_fanout           0.394002                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitCommittedInsts      1083803                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitCommittedOps      1321622                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitSquashedInsts       273573                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          334                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus03.commit.branchMispredicts        23818                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2516458                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.525191                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.376593                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1981093     78.73%     78.73% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       254995     10.13%     88.86% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       105796      4.20%     93.06% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        54195      2.15%     95.22% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        40413      1.61%     96.82% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        23048      0.92%     97.74% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        14053      0.56%     98.30% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        11680      0.46%     98.76% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        31185      1.24%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2516458                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committedInsts      1083803                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committedOps      1321622                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.refs               212156                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.loads              128253                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.membars               166                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.branches           183864                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.int_insts         1194511                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.function_calls        25766                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.bw_lim_events        31185                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus03.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus03.rob.rob_reads            4080455                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus03.rob.rob_writes           3238922                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus03.timesIdled                 38654                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus03.idleCycles                320807                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus03.committedInsts           1083803                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.committedOps             1321622                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.committedInsts_total      1083803                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.cpi                     2.662649                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus03.cpi_total               2.662649                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus03.ipc                     0.375566                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus03.ipc_total               0.375566                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus03.int_regfile_reads        6656754                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus03.int_regfile_writes       1995793                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus03.misc_regfile_reads       1519266                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus03.misc_regfile_writes          334                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus04.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus04.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.workload.num_syscalls                  0                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus04.numCycles                2885787                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus04.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus04.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.lookups         233616                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.condPredicted       191779                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        24629                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        95733                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBHits          89565                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.usedRAS          23399                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         1088                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2228907                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Insts              1331833                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Branches            233616                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.predictedBranches       112964                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Cycles              291585                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.SquashCycles         70701                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.BlockedCycles        68808                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.CacheLines          138858                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.IcacheSquashes        24302                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::samples      2634992                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.618045                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.972713                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::0        2343407     88.93%     88.93% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::1          31089      1.18%     90.11% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::2          36688      1.39%     91.51% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::3          19555      0.74%     92.25% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::4          22326      0.85%     93.10% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::5          13066      0.50%     93.59% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::6           8833      0.34%     93.93% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::7          22443      0.85%     94.78% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::8         137585      5.22%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::total      2634992                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.branchRate        0.080954                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rate              0.461515                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.decode.IdleCycles        2210183                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BlockedCycles        88183                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus04.decode.RunCycles          288835                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus04.decode.UnblockCycles         2471                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.decode.SquashCycles        45311                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BranchResolved        37564                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BranchMispred          381                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus04.decode.DecodedInsts      1623413                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus04.decode.SquashedInsts         2124                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus04.rename.SquashCycles        45311                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.rename.IdleCycles        2214231                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus04.rename.BlockCycles         26724                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus04.rename.serializeStallCycles        50726                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RunCycles          287299                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus04.rename.UnblockCycles        10693                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenamedInsts      1621184                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus04.rename.ROBFullEvents            1                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.IQFullEvents         2615                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.LSQFullEvents         4997                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.FullRegisterEvents           28                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenamedOperands      2255777                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenameLookups      7544257                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus04.rename.int_rename_lookups      7544257                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus04.rename.CommittedMaps      1893419                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.UndoneMaps         362318                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus04.rename.serializingInsts          408                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.tempSerializingInsts          223                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.skidInsts           30428                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.insertedLoads       154619                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.insertedStores        83372                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.conflictingLoads         1964                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.conflictingStores        17253                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqInstsAdded          1617069                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          409                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqInstsIssued         1517597                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         2057                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       221054                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       516222                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           37                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2634992                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.575940                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.266886                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1995919     75.75%     75.75% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       256885      9.75%     85.50% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       138393      5.25%     90.75% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        95555      3.63%     94.37% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        83187      3.16%     97.53% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        42581      1.62%     99.15% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        10775      0.41%     99.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         6618      0.25%     99.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         5079      0.19%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2634992                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntAlu           412     12.07%     12.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::MemRead         1496     43.83%     55.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1505     44.10%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1271466     83.78%     83.78% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        23710      1.56%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          185      0.01%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       139520      9.19%     94.55% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        82716      5.45%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::total      1517597                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.rate                 0.525887                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_busy_cnt              3413                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002249                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      5675652                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1838564                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1490940                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_alu_accesses      1521010                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         3713                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        29243                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           15                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           32                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         2108                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads           93                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewSquashCycles        45311                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewBlockCycles         21230                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1524                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1617480                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts            4                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       154619                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        83372                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          223                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewIQFullEvents         1099                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus04.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           32                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus04.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        13667                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus04.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        14295                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus04.iew.branchMispredicts        27962                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1493929                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       131020                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        23664                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_nop                   2                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_refs             213700                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_branches         208463                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_stores            82680                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_rate           0.517685                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_sent              1491022                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_count             1490940                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_producers          887435                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_consumers         2323567                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_rate             0.516649                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_fanout           0.381928                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitCommittedInsts      1111915                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitCommittedOps      1363880                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitSquashedInsts       253622                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          372                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus04.commit.branchMispredicts        24605                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2589681                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.526659                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.345278                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      2032295     78.48%     78.48% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       258687      9.99%     88.47% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       108723      4.20%     92.66% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        64583      2.49%     95.16% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        44739      1.73%     96.89% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        29078      1.12%     98.01% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        15453      0.60%     98.61% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        12050      0.47%     99.07% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        24073      0.93%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2589681                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committedInsts      1111915                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committedOps      1363880                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.refs               206637                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.loads              125376                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.membars               186                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.branches           195011                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.int_insts         1229726                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.function_calls        27729                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.bw_lim_events        24073                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus04.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus04.rob.rob_reads            4183110                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus04.rob.rob_writes           3280349                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus04.timesIdled                 36271                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus04.idleCycles                250795                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus04.committedInsts           1111915                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.committedOps             1363880                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.committedInsts_total      1111915                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.cpi                     2.595331                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus04.cpi_total               2.595331                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus04.ipc                     0.385307                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus04.ipc_total               0.385307                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus04.int_regfile_reads        6737188                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus04.int_regfile_writes       2072582                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus04.misc_regfile_reads       1514539                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus04.misc_regfile_writes          372                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus05.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus05.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus05.numCycles                2885787                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus05.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus05.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.lookups         260043                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.condPredicted       216738                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        25425                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       102731                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBHits          93183                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.usedRAS          27616                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         1185                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2261981                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Insts              1428185                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Branches            260043                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.predictedBranches       120799                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Cycles              296857                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.SquashCycles         71414                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.BlockedCycles        74055                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.CacheLines          141970                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.IcacheSquashes        24203                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::samples      2678647                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.655749                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.033692                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::0        2381790     88.92%     88.92% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::1          17886      0.67%     89.59% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::2          22889      0.85%     90.44% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::3          36349      1.36%     91.80% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::4          14973      0.56%     92.36% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::5          19475      0.73%     93.08% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::6          22636      0.85%     93.93% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::7          10467      0.39%     94.32% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::8         152182      5.68%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::total      2678647                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.branchRate        0.090112                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rate              0.494903                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.decode.IdleCycles        2248545                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BlockedCycles        89073                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus05.decode.RunCycles          295309                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus05.decode.UnblockCycles          176                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.decode.SquashCycles        45538                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BranchResolved        39169                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BranchMispred          217                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus05.decode.DecodedInsts      1744505                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus05.decode.SquashedInsts         1276                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus05.rename.SquashCycles        45538                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.rename.IdleCycles        2251388                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus05.rename.BlockCycles          7504                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus05.rename.serializeStallCycles        74820                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RunCycles          292602                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus05.rename.UnblockCycles         6790                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenamedInsts      1732655                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus05.rename.ROBFullEvents            2                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.IQFullEvents          954                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.LSQFullEvents         4617                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenamedOperands      2421864                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenameLookups      8055047                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus05.rename.int_rename_lookups      8055047                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus05.rename.CommittedMaps      1994914                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.UndoneMaps         426932                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus05.rename.serializingInsts          415                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.tempSerializingInsts          216                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.skidInsts           24845                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.insertedLoads       163665                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.insertedStores        83813                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.conflictingLoads          960                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.conflictingStores        18858                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqInstsAdded          1689700                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          417                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqInstsIssued         1609776                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1868                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       224967                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       474646                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           16                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2678647                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.600966                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.322718                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1997032     74.55%     74.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       310485     11.59%     86.14% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       126781      4.73%     90.88% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        72242      2.70%     93.57% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        95801      3.58%     97.15% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        30156      1.13%     98.28% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        29274      1.09%     99.37% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        15633      0.58%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         1243      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2678647                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         11234     79.09%     79.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     79.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     79.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     79.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::MemRead         1522     10.72%     89.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1448     10.19%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1356574     84.27%     84.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        21763      1.35%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          198      0.01%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       147875      9.19%     94.82% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        83366      5.18%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::total      1609776                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.rate                 0.557829                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_busy_cnt             14204                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.008824                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      5914271                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1915104                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1566367                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_alu_accesses      1623980                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         1275                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        34057                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            1                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           21                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1509                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewSquashCycles        45538                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewBlockCycles          5704                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewUnblockCycles          722                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1690118                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         1344                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       163665                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        83813                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          217                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewIQFullEvents          626                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus05.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           21                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus05.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        14522                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus05.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        14530                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus05.iew.branchMispredicts        29052                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1580988                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       145279                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        28788                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_nop                   1                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_refs             228609                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_branches         222978                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_stores            83330                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_rate           0.547853                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_sent              1566406                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_count             1566367                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_producers          938988                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_consumers         2523904                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_rate             0.542787                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_fanout           0.372038                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitCommittedInsts      1160350                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitCommittedOps      1429614                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitSquashedInsts       260518                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          401                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus05.commit.branchMispredicts        25430                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2633109                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.542938                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.362167                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      2027474     77.00%     77.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       307264     11.67%     88.67% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       111429      4.23%     92.90% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        55236      2.10%     95.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        50819      1.93%     96.93% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        21405      0.81%     97.74% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        21168      0.80%     98.54% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        10037      0.38%     98.93% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        28277      1.07%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2633109                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committedInsts      1160350                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committedOps      1429614                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.refs               211908                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.loads              129604                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.membars               200                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.branches           207179                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.int_insts         1287122                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.function_calls        29492                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.bw_lim_events        28277                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus05.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus05.rob.rob_reads            4294951                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus05.rob.rob_writes           3425818                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus05.timesIdled                 36315                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus05.idleCycles                207140                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus05.committedInsts           1160350                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.committedOps             1429614                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.committedInsts_total      1160350                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.cpi                     2.486997                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus05.cpi_total               2.486997                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus05.ipc                     0.402091                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus05.ipc_total               0.402091                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus05.int_regfile_reads        7111815                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus05.int_regfile_writes       2191946                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus05.misc_regfile_reads       1611873                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus05.misc_regfile_writes          400                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus06.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus06.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.workload.num_syscalls                  0                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus06.numCycles                2885782                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus06.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus06.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.lookups         232570                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.condPredicted       190825                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        24711                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        96211                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBHits          89573                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.usedRAS          23437                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         1111                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2233236                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Insts              1327247                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Branches            232570                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.predictedBranches       113010                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Cycles              290992                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.SquashCycles         70312                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.BlockedCycles        71334                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.CacheLines          139145                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.IcacheSquashes        24400                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::samples      2640772                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.614624                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.967007                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::0        2349780     88.98%     88.98% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::1          30935      1.17%     90.15% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::2          36904      1.40%     91.55% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::3          19708      0.75%     92.30% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::4          22341      0.85%     93.14% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::5          13036      0.49%     93.64% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::6           8751      0.33%     93.97% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::7          22371      0.85%     94.81% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::8         136946      5.19%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::total      2640772                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.branchRate        0.080592                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rate              0.459926                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.decode.IdleCycles        2214543                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BlockedCycles        90674                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus06.decode.RunCycles          288411                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus06.decode.UnblockCycles         2306                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.decode.SquashCycles        44829                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BranchResolved        37462                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BranchMispred          381                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus06.decode.DecodedInsts      1617973                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus06.decode.SquashedInsts         2142                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus06.rename.SquashCycles        44829                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.rename.IdleCycles        2218493                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus06.rename.BlockCycles         19683                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus06.rename.serializeStallCycles        60726                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RunCycles          286849                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus06.rename.UnblockCycles        10184                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenamedInsts      1615778                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus06.rename.ROBFullEvents            1                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.IQFullEvents         2206                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.LSQFullEvents         4956                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.FullRegisterEvents           74                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenamedOperands      2249402                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenameLookups      7521199                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus06.rename.int_rename_lookups      7521199                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus06.rename.CommittedMaps      1893177                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.UndoneMaps         356225                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus06.rename.serializingInsts          421                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.tempSerializingInsts          236                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.skidInsts           29281                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.insertedLoads       153938                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.insertedStores        83308                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.conflictingLoads         2010                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.conflictingStores        17038                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqInstsAdded          1611655                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          422                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqInstsIssued         1514808                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1663                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       216304                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       502727                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           50                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2640772                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.573623                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.264538                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      2002176     75.82%     75.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       257345      9.75%     85.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       138136      5.23%     90.79% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        95339      3.61%     94.40% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        83044      3.14%     97.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        42307      1.60%     99.15% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        10604      0.40%     99.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         6729      0.25%     99.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         5092      0.19%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2640772                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntAlu           399     11.98%     11.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::MemRead         1423     42.73%     54.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1508     45.29%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1269244     83.79%     83.79% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        23748      1.57%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          185      0.01%     85.37% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.37% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.37% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.37% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       139127      9.18%     94.55% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        82504      5.45%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::total      1514808                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.rate                 0.524921                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_busy_cnt              3330                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002198                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      5675381                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1828412                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1488464                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_alu_accesses      1518138                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         3762                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        28577                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            9                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           31                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         2055                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads           93                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewSquashCycles        44829                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewBlockCycles         14767                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1426                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1612078                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts            8                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       153938                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        83308                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          236                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewIQFullEvents         1036                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus06.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           31                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus06.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        13756                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus06.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        14151                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus06.iew.branchMispredicts        27907                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1491092                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       130706                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        23716                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_nop                   1                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_refs             213170                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_branches         208015                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_stores            82464                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_rate           0.516703                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_sent              1488550                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_count             1488464                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_producers          886373                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_consumers         2319230                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_rate             0.515792                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_fanout           0.382184                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitCommittedInsts      1111779                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitCommittedOps      1363711                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitSquashedInsts       248417                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          372                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus06.commit.branchMispredicts        24698                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2595943                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.525324                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.343374                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      2038505     78.53%     78.53% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       258698      9.97%     88.49% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       108625      4.18%     92.68% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        64701      2.49%     95.17% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        44877      1.73%     96.90% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        29094      1.12%     98.02% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        15428      0.59%     98.61% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        12006      0.46%     99.08% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        24009      0.92%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2595943                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committedInsts      1111779                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committedOps      1363711                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.refs               206614                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.loads              125361                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.membars               186                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.branches           194989                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.int_insts         1229571                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.function_calls        27725                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.bw_lim_events        24009                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus06.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus06.rob.rob_reads            4184062                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus06.rob.rob_writes           3269089                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus06.timesIdled                 36290                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus06.idleCycles                245010                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus06.committedInsts           1111779                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.committedOps             1363711                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.committedInsts_total      1111779                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.cpi                     2.595644                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus06.cpi_total               2.595644                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus06.ipc                     0.385261                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus06.ipc_total               0.385261                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus06.int_regfile_reads        6726429                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus06.int_regfile_writes       2069736                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus06.misc_regfile_reads       1509787                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus06.misc_regfile_writes          372                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus07.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus07.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus07.numCycles                2885787                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus07.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus07.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.lookups         236438                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.condPredicted       193433                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        24811                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        96378                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBHits          90653                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.usedRAS          24041                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         1173                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2271724                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Insts              1324151                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Branches            236438                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.predictedBranches       114694                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Cycles              275039                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.SquashCycles         68831                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.BlockedCycles        54618                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           24                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.CacheLines          140523                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.IcacheSquashes        24666                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::samples      2645113                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.615057                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.961763                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::0        2370074     89.60%     89.60% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::1          12799      0.48%     90.09% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::2          19984      0.76%     90.84% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::3          26870      1.02%     91.86% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::4          27996      1.06%     92.92% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::5          23824      0.90%     93.82% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::6          12878      0.49%     94.30% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::7          20357      0.77%     95.07% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::8         130331      4.93%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::total      2645113                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.branchRate        0.081932                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rate              0.458853                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.decode.IdleCycles        2248660                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BlockedCycles        78187                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus07.decode.RunCycles          274376                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus07.decode.UnblockCycles          387                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.decode.SquashCycles        43497                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BranchResolved        38740                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BranchMispred          212                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus07.decode.DecodedInsts      1623331                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus07.decode.SquashedInsts         1269                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus07.rename.SquashCycles        43497                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.rename.IdleCycles        2255126                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus07.rename.BlockCycles         15939                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus07.rename.serializeStallCycles        48021                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RunCycles          268320                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus07.rename.UnblockCycles        14205                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenamedInsts      1621698                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus07.rename.ROBFullEvents            9                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.IQFullEvents         1838                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.LSQFullEvents         6276                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenamedOperands      2264392                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenameLookups      7540408                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus07.rename.int_rename_lookups      7540408                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus07.rename.CommittedMaps      1930880                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.UndoneMaps         333464                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus07.rename.serializingInsts          390                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.tempSerializingInsts          199                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.skidInsts           44553                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.insertedLoads       152809                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.insertedStores        81482                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.conflictingLoads          906                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.conflictingStores        17453                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqInstsAdded          1618413                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          392                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqInstsIssued         1526345                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued          323                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       198033                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       481150                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved            7                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2645113                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.577043                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.270329                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      2000958     75.65%     75.65% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       263806      9.97%     85.62% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       133768      5.06%     90.68% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       102303      3.87%     94.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        79403      3.00%     97.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        32345      1.22%     98.77% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        20462      0.77%     99.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        10559      0.40%     99.94% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         1509      0.06%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2645113                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntAlu           333     12.19%     12.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::MemRead          983     35.99%     48.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1415     51.81%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1283733     84.11%     84.11% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        22703      1.49%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          190      0.01%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       138612      9.08%     94.69% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        81107      5.31%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::total      1526345                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.rate                 0.528918                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_busy_cnt              2731                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001789                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      5700856                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1816855                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1501469                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_alu_accesses      1529076                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         3043                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        27328                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            4                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           18                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1622                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewSquashCycles        43497                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewBlockCycles         12581                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1494                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1618813                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           16                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       152809                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        81482                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          200                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewIQFullEvents         1297                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus07.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           18                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus07.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        13663                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus07.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        14342                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus07.iew.branchMispredicts        28005                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1503821                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       130201                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        22523                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_nop                   8                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_refs             211288                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_branches         212999                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_stores            81087                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_rate           0.521113                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_sent              1501544                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_count             1501469                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_producers          862687                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_consumers         2323260                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_rate             0.520298                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_fanout           0.371326                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitCommittedInsts      1125453                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitCommittedOps      1384857                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitSquashedInsts       233924                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          385                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus07.commit.branchMispredicts        24898                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2601616                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.532306                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.380974                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      2034033     78.18%     78.18% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       281065     10.80%     88.99% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       106629      4.10%     93.09% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        50325      1.93%     95.02% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        42404      1.63%     96.65% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        24616      0.95%     97.60% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        21916      0.84%     98.44% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         9657      0.37%     98.81% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        30971      1.19%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2601616                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committedInsts      1125453                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committedOps      1384857                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.refs               205338                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.loads              125478                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.membars               192                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.branches           199664                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.int_insts         1247772                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.function_calls        28519                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.bw_lim_events        30971                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus07.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus07.rob.rob_reads            4189413                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus07.rob.rob_writes           3281103                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus07.timesIdled                 36232                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus07.idleCycles                240674                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus07.committedInsts           1125453                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.committedOps             1384857                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.committedInsts_total      1125453                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.cpi                     2.564112                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus07.cpi_total               2.564112                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus07.ipc                     0.389999                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus07.ipc_total               0.389999                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus07.int_regfile_reads        6767064                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus07.int_regfile_writes       2093524                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus07.misc_regfile_reads       1504198                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus07.misc_regfile_writes          384                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus08.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus08.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus08.numCycles                2885787                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus08.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus08.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.lookups         223696                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.condPredicted       201441                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        13615                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        91255                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBHits          77970                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.usedRAS          12216                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          641                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2358779                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Insts              1403975                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Branches            223696                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.predictedBranches        90186                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Cycles              276824                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.SquashCycles         43249                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.BlockedCycles        60410                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.CacheLines          137147                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.IcacheSquashes        13476                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::samples      2725313                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.605217                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.936290                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::0        2448489     89.84%     89.84% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::1           9535      0.35%     90.19% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::2          20196      0.74%     90.93% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::3           8368      0.31%     91.24% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::4          45286      1.66%     92.90% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::5          40734      1.49%     94.40% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::6           7769      0.29%     94.68% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::7          16540      0.61%     95.29% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::8         128396      4.71%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::total      2725313                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.branchRate        0.077516                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rate              0.486514                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.decode.IdleCycles        2344529                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BlockedCycles        75167                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus08.decode.RunCycles          275576                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus08.decode.UnblockCycles          959                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.decode.SquashCycles        29073                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BranchResolved        19766                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BranchMispred          227                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus08.decode.DecodedInsts      1645669                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus08.decode.SquashedInsts         1373                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus08.rename.SquashCycles        29073                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.rename.IdleCycles        2347612                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus08.rename.BlockCycles         50655                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus08.rename.serializeStallCycles        16358                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RunCycles          273596                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus08.rename.UnblockCycles         8010                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenamedInsts      1643176                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus08.rename.ROBFullEvents            8                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.IQFullEvents         3156                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.LSQFullEvents         3095                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.FullRegisterEvents            4                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenamedOperands      1935840                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenameLookups      7734179                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus08.rename.int_rename_lookups      7734179                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus08.rename.CommittedMaps      1678948                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.UndoneMaps         256880                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus08.rename.serializingInsts          206                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.tempSerializingInsts          113                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.skidInsts           22530                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.insertedLoads       385496                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.insertedStores       193538                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.conflictingLoads         1763                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.conflictingStores         9566                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqInstsAdded          1637360                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          208                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqInstsIssued         1562222                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1146                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       148647                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       363725                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           19                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2725313                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.573227                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.369724                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      2168914     79.58%     79.58% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       167857      6.16%     85.74% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       136403      5.01%     90.75% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        59104      2.17%     92.92% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        74509      2.73%     95.65% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        72210      2.65%     98.30% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        41032      1.51%     99.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         3303      0.12%     99.93% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         1981      0.07%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2725313                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          3901     11.01%     11.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::MemRead        30610     86.43%     97.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::MemWrite          905      2.56%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu       982360     62.88%     62.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        13590      0.87%     63.75% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     63.75% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.75% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.75% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.75% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     63.75% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.75% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.75% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     63.75% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     63.75% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     63.75% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     63.75% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     63.75% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     63.75% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     63.75% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.75% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     63.75% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     63.75% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     63.75% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.75% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     63.75% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.75% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.75% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.75% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc           92      0.01%     63.76% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     63.76% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.76% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.76% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       373410     23.90%     87.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       192770     12.34%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::total      1562222                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.rate                 0.541350                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_busy_cnt             35416                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.022670                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      5886319                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1786275                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1546751                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_alu_accesses      1597638                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         2782                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        19163                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           14                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           61                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         2010                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          137                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewSquashCycles        29073                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewBlockCycles         46167                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewUnblockCycles         2110                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1637576                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           68                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       385496                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       193538                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          114                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewIQFullEvents         1439                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            4                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus08.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           61                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus08.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         7173                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus08.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         8391                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus08.iew.branchMispredicts        15564                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1549846                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       371878                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        12376                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_nop                   8                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_refs             564599                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_branches         202933                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_stores           192721                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_rate           0.537062                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_sent              1546880                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_count             1546751                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_producers          836272                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_consumers         1650491                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_rate             0.535989                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_fanout           0.506681                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitCommittedInsts      1247087                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitCommittedOps      1465492                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitSquashedInsts       172295                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          189                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus08.commit.branchMispredicts        13677                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2696240                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.543532                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.365883                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      2163884     80.26%     80.26% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       194979      7.23%     87.49% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        91185      3.38%     90.87% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        89875      3.33%     94.20% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        24290      0.90%     95.10% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       104491      3.88%     98.98% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         7852      0.29%     99.27% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         5681      0.21%     99.48% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        14003      0.52%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2696240                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committedInsts      1247087                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committedOps      1465492                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.refs               557854                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.loads              366326                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.membars                94                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.branches           193585                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.int_insts         1303097                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.function_calls        14188                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.bw_lim_events        14003                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus08.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus08.rob.rob_reads            4320011                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus08.rob.rob_writes           3304674                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus08.timesIdled                 53288                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus08.idleCycles                160474                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus08.committedInsts           1247087                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.committedOps             1465492                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.committedInsts_total      1247087                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.cpi                     2.314022                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus08.cpi_total               2.314022                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus08.ipc                     0.432148                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus08.ipc_total               0.432148                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus08.int_regfile_reads        7655642                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus08.int_regfile_writes       1799548                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus08.misc_regfile_reads       1951497                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus08.misc_regfile_writes          188                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus09.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus09.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus09.numCycles                2885787                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus09.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus09.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.lookups         223863                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.condPredicted       201641                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        13649                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        86568                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBHits          78100                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.usedRAS          12175                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          615                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2359536                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Insts              1403903                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Branches            223863                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.predictedBranches        90275                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Cycles              276784                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.SquashCycles         43280                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.BlockedCycles        60671                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.CacheLines          137168                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.IcacheSquashes        13495                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::samples      2726299                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.604827                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.935405                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::0        2449515     89.85%     89.85% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::1           9484      0.35%     90.20% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::2          20191      0.74%     90.94% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::3           8291      0.30%     91.24% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::4          45412      1.67%     92.91% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::5          40783      1.50%     94.40% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::6           7883      0.29%     94.69% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::7          16581      0.61%     95.30% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::8         128159      4.70%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::total      2726299                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.branchRate        0.077574                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rate              0.486489                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.decode.IdleCycles        2345285                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BlockedCycles        75395                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus09.decode.RunCycles          275574                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus09.decode.UnblockCycles          956                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.decode.SquashCycles        29080                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BranchResolved        19744                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BranchMispred          229                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus09.decode.DecodedInsts      1645412                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus09.decode.SquashedInsts         1385                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus09.rename.SquashCycles        29080                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.rename.IdleCycles        2348475                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus09.rename.BlockCycles         51668                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus09.rename.serializeStallCycles        15214                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RunCycles          273488                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus09.rename.UnblockCycles         8365                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenamedInsts      1643157                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus09.rename.ROBFullEvents           11                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.IQFullEvents         3187                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.LSQFullEvents         3286                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.FullRegisterEvents          107                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenamedOperands      1936237                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenameLookups      7733427                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus09.rename.int_rename_lookups      7733427                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus09.rename.CommittedMaps      1679065                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.UndoneMaps         257166                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus09.rename.serializingInsts          212                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.tempSerializingInsts          120                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.skidInsts           23128                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.insertedLoads       385221                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.insertedStores       193495                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.conflictingLoads         1794                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.conflictingStores         9620                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqInstsAdded          1637696                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          215                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqInstsIssued         1563361                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1153                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       147860                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       360463                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           25                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2726299                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.573437                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.370419                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      2169984     79.59%     79.59% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       167454      6.14%     85.74% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       136475      5.01%     90.74% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        59044      2.17%     92.91% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        74718      2.74%     95.65% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        72081      2.64%     98.29% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        41267      1.51%     99.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         3262      0.12%     99.93% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         2014      0.07%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2726299                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          3951     11.12%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::MemRead        30655     86.32%     97.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::MemWrite          909      2.56%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu       983684     62.92%     62.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        13543      0.87%     63.79% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     63.79% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.79% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.79% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.79% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     63.79% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.79% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.79% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     63.79% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     63.79% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     63.79% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     63.79% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     63.79% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     63.79% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     63.79% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.79% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     63.79% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     63.79% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     63.79% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.79% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     63.79% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.79% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.79% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.79% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc           92      0.01%     63.79% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     63.79% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.79% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.79% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       373336     23.88%     87.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       192706     12.33%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::total      1563361                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.rate                 0.541745                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_busy_cnt             35515                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.022717                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      5889689                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1785831                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1547513                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_alu_accesses      1598876                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         2691                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        18844                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           12                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           61                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1941                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          138                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewSquashCycles        29080                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewBlockCycles         47277                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewUnblockCycles         2137                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1637916                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           50                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       385221                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       193495                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          120                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewIQFullEvents         1461                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            5                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus09.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           61                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus09.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         7198                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus09.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         8505                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus09.iew.branchMispredicts        15703                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1550664                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       371810                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        12697                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_nop                   5                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_refs             564469                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_branches         203014                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_stores           192659                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_rate           0.537345                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_sent              1547660                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_count             1547513                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_producers          836736                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_consumers         1651478                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_rate             0.536253                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_fanout           0.506659                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitCommittedInsts      1247193                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitCommittedOps      1465613                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitSquashedInsts       172463                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          190                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus09.commit.branchMispredicts        13702                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2697219                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.543379                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.365643                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      2164869     80.26%     80.26% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       194906      7.23%     87.49% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        91230      3.38%     90.87% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        89814      3.33%     94.20% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        24289      0.90%     95.10% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       104591      3.88%     98.98% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         7902      0.29%     99.27% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         5662      0.21%     99.48% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        13956      0.52%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2697219                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committedInsts      1247193                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committedOps      1465613                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.refs               557923                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.loads              366374                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.membars                94                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.branches           193601                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.int_insts         1303202                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.function_calls        14188                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.bw_lim_events        13956                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus09.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus09.rob.rob_reads            4321326                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus09.rob.rob_writes           3305249                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus09.timesIdled                 53336                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus09.idleCycles                159488                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus09.committedInsts           1247193                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.committedOps             1465613                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.committedInsts_total      1247193                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.cpi                     2.313826                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus09.cpi_total               2.313826                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus09.ipc                     0.432185                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus09.ipc_total               0.432185                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus09.int_regfile_reads        7658628                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus09.int_regfile_writes       1801621                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus09.misc_regfile_reads       1951252                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus09.misc_regfile_writes          190                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus10.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus10.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus10.numCycles                2885787                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus10.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus10.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.lookups         237054                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.condPredicted       193853                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        24736                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        96400                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBHits          90948                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.usedRAS          24135                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         1166                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2275293                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Insts              1327079                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Branches            237054                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.predictedBranches       115083                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Cycles              275851                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.SquashCycles         68348                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.BlockedCycles        54338                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           24                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.CacheLines          140663                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.IcacheSquashes        24590                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::samples      2648805                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.615455                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.961835                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::0        2372954     89.59%     89.59% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::1          12854      0.49%     90.07% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::2          20133      0.76%     90.83% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::3          27018      1.02%     91.85% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::4          28172      1.06%     92.91% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::5          24045      0.91%     93.82% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::6          12926      0.49%     94.31% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::7          20048      0.76%     95.07% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::8         130655      4.93%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::total      2648805                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.branchRate        0.082145                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rate              0.459867                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.decode.IdleCycles        2252080                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BlockedCycles        78064                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus10.decode.RunCycles          275196                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus10.decode.UnblockCycles          374                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.decode.SquashCycles        43085                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BranchResolved        38922                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BranchMispred          214                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus10.decode.DecodedInsts      1626591                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus10.decode.SquashedInsts         1288                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus10.rename.SquashCycles        43085                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.rename.IdleCycles        2258623                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus10.rename.BlockCycles         15977                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus10.rename.serializeStallCycles        47707                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RunCycles          269058                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus10.rename.UnblockCycles        14350                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenamedInsts      1624994                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus10.rename.ROBFullEvents            1                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.IQFullEvents         1846                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.LSQFullEvents         6344                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenamedOperands      2268861                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenameLookups      7555494                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus10.rename.int_rename_lookups      7555494                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus10.rename.CommittedMaps      1939248                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.UndoneMaps         329611                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus10.rename.serializingInsts          393                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.tempSerializingInsts          201                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.skidInsts           45123                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.insertedLoads       152944                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.insertedStores        81623                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.conflictingLoads          947                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.conflictingStores        21161                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqInstsAdded          1621697                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          394                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqInstsIssued         1531313                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued          316                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       194538                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       472543                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved            9                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2648805                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.578115                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.269924                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1999920     75.50%     75.50% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       267936     10.12%     85.62% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       135418      5.11%     90.73% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       101135      3.82%     94.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        79208      2.99%     97.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        32398      1.22%     98.76% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        20724      0.78%     99.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        10558      0.40%     99.94% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         1508      0.06%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2648805                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntAlu           334     12.24%     12.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::MemRead          984     36.06%     48.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1411     51.70%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1288147     84.12%     84.12% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        22797      1.49%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          190      0.01%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       138931      9.07%     94.69% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        81248      5.31%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::total      1531313                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.rate                 0.530640                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_busy_cnt              2729                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001782                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      5714476                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1816646                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1506500                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_alu_accesses      1534042                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         3293                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        26922                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            1                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           18                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1445                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewSquashCycles        43085                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewBlockCycles         12701                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1481                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1622096                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           13                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       152944                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        81623                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          202                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewIQFullEvents         1273                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus10.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           18                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus10.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        13547                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus10.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        14364                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus10.iew.branchMispredicts        27911                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1508829                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       130673                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        22484                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_nop                   5                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_refs             211901                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_branches         213906                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_stores            81228                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_rate           0.522848                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_sent              1506582                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_count             1506500                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_producers          865817                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_consumers         2331216                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_rate             0.522041                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_fanout           0.371401                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitCommittedInsts      1130276                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitCommittedOps      1390828                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitSquashedInsts       231268                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          385                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus10.commit.branchMispredicts        24820                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2605720                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.533760                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.379304                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      2033432     78.04%     78.04% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       284662     10.92%     88.96% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       106599      4.09%     93.05% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        50639      1.94%     95.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        44003      1.69%     96.68% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        24804      0.95%     97.64% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        20996      0.81%     98.44% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         9637      0.37%     98.81% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        30948      1.19%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2605720                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committedInsts      1130276                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committedOps      1390828                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.refs               206199                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.loads              126021                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.membars               192                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.branches           200543                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.int_insts         1253137                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.function_calls        28644                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.bw_lim_events        30948                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus10.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus10.rob.rob_reads            4196855                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus10.rob.rob_writes           3287289                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus10.timesIdled                 36270                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus10.idleCycles                236982                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus10.committedInsts           1130276                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.committedOps             1390828                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.committedInsts_total      1130276                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.cpi                     2.553170                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus10.cpi_total               2.553170                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus10.ipc                     0.391670                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus10.ipc_total               0.391670                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus10.int_regfile_reads        6789828                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus10.int_regfile_writes       2100233                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus10.misc_regfile_reads       1507622                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus10.misc_regfile_writes          384                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus11.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus11.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus11.numCycles                2885787                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus11.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus11.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.lookups         223086                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.condPredicted       181786                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        23341                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        90993                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBHits          85252                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.usedRAS          22285                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         1040                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2163293                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Insts              1319272                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Branches            223086                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.predictedBranches       107537                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Cycles              270779                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.SquashCycles         72962                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.BlockedCycles        78047                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.CacheLines          134812                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.IcacheSquashes        23353                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::samples      2560881                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.625979                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.991181                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::0        2290102     89.43%     89.43% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::1          14345      0.56%     89.99% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::2          22739      0.89%     90.87% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::3          33930      1.32%     92.20% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::4          14417      0.56%     92.76% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::5          17201      0.67%     93.43% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::6          17574      0.69%     94.12% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::7          12256      0.48%     94.60% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::8         138317      5.40%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::total      2560881                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.branchRate        0.077305                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rate              0.457162                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.decode.IdleCycles        2135303                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BlockedCycles       106828                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus11.decode.RunCycles          268694                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus11.decode.UnblockCycles         1680                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.decode.SquashCycles        48373                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BranchResolved        36248                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BranchMispred          391                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus11.decode.DecodedInsts      1598545                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus11.decode.SquashedInsts         1357                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus11.rename.SquashCycles        48373                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.rename.IdleCycles        2140878                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus11.rename.BlockCycles         50961                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus11.rename.serializeStallCycles        38699                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RunCycles          264982                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus11.rename.UnblockCycles        16985                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenamedInsts      1594938                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus11.rename.ROBFullEvents          940                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.IQFullEvents         3242                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.LSQFullEvents         8721                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.FullRegisterEvents         1193                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenamedOperands      2181495                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenameLookups      7435668                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus11.rename.int_rename_lookups      7435668                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus11.rename.CommittedMaps      1802438                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.UndoneMaps         379057                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus11.rename.serializingInsts          411                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.tempSerializingInsts          247                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.skidInsts           49034                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.insertedLoads       161258                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.insertedStores        89287                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.conflictingLoads         4577                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.conflictingStores        18835                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqInstsAdded          1589599                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          414                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqInstsIssued         1483901                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         2130                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       241780                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       561740                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           80                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2560881                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.579449                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.263112                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1928012     75.29%     75.29% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       256928     10.03%     85.32% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       141857      5.54%     90.86% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        93152      3.64%     94.50% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        85294      3.33%     97.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        26201      1.02%     98.85% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        18648      0.73%     99.58% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         6578      0.26%     99.84% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         4211      0.16%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2560881                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntAlu           380     10.10%     10.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     10.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     10.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     10.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     10.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     10.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     10.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     10.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     10.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     10.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     10.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     10.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     10.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     10.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     10.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     10.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     10.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     10.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     10.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     10.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     10.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     10.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     10.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     10.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     10.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     10.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     10.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     10.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     10.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::MemRead         1639     43.57%     53.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1743     46.33%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1221918     82.34%     82.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        27275      1.84%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          164      0.01%     84.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     84.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     84.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     84.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       146958      9.90%     94.10% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        87586      5.90%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::total      1483901                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.rate                 0.514210                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_busy_cnt              3762                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002535                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      5534575                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1831861                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1457098                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_alu_accesses      1487663                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         6950                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        33367                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           11                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           70                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         5627                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         1152                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewSquashCycles        48373                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewBlockCycles         36182                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewUnblockCycles         2124                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1590018                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          429                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       161258                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        89287                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          247                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewIQFullEvents         1214                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           42                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus11.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           70                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus11.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        12626                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus11.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        14298                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus11.iew.branchMispredicts        26924                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1462577                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       139234                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        21324                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_nop                   5                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_refs             226681                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_branches         198673                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_stores            87447                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_rate           0.506821                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_sent              1457226                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_count             1457098                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_producers          861221                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_consumers         2185871                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_rate             0.504922                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_fanout           0.393994                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitCommittedInsts      1080602                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitCommittedOps      1317652                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitSquashedInsts       273465                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          334                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus11.commit.branchMispredicts        23758                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2512508                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.524437                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.375513                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1978714     78.75%     78.75% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       254204     10.12%     88.87% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       105454      4.20%     93.07% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        54127      2.15%     95.22% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        40317      1.60%     96.83% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        22976      0.91%     97.74% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        14037      0.56%     98.30% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        11643      0.46%     98.76% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        31036      1.24%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2512508                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committedInsts      1080602                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committedOps      1317652                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.refs               211551                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.loads              127891                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.membars               166                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.branches           183275                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.int_insts         1190960                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.function_calls        25689                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.bw_lim_events        31036                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus11.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus11.rob.rob_reads            4072576                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus11.rob.rob_writes           3230618                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus11.timesIdled                 38700                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus11.idleCycles                324906                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus11.committedInsts           1080602                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.committedOps             1317652                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.committedInsts_total      1080602                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.cpi                     2.670536                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus11.cpi_total               2.670536                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus11.ipc                     0.374457                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus11.ipc_total               0.374457                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus11.int_regfile_reads        6638081                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus11.int_regfile_writes       1989925                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus11.misc_regfile_reads       1515533                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus11.misc_regfile_writes          334                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus12.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus12.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus12.numCycles                2885787                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus12.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus12.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.lookups         236646                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.condPredicted       193608                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        24839                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        96284                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBHits          90719                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.usedRAS          24045                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         1167                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2273622                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Insts              1325298                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Branches            236646                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.predictedBranches       114764                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Cycles              275203                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.SquashCycles         68960                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.BlockedCycles        54383                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           24                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.CacheLines          140639                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.IcacheSquashes        24689                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::samples      2647041                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.615144                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.961961                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::0        2371838     89.60%     89.60% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::1          12854      0.49%     90.09% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::2          19843      0.75%     90.84% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::3          26827      1.01%     91.85% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::4          28094      1.06%     92.91% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::5          23802      0.90%     93.81% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::6          12967      0.49%     94.30% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::7          20426      0.77%     95.07% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::8         130390      4.93%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::total      2647041                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.branchRate        0.082004                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rate              0.459250                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.decode.IdleCycles        2250419                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BlockedCycles        78093                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus12.decode.RunCycles          274534                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus12.decode.UnblockCycles          391                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.decode.SquashCycles        43598                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BranchResolved        38775                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BranchMispred          212                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus12.decode.DecodedInsts      1624745                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus12.decode.SquashedInsts         1269                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus12.rename.SquashCycles        43598                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.rename.IdleCycles        2256943                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus12.rename.BlockCycles         16231                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus12.rename.serializeStallCycles        47497                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RunCycles          268424                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus12.rename.UnblockCycles        14343                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenamedInsts      1623090                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus12.rename.ROBFullEvents            2                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.IQFullEvents         1868                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.LSQFullEvents         6336                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenamedOperands      2265877                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenameLookups      7546908                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus12.rename.int_rename_lookups      7546908                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus12.rename.CommittedMaps      1931393                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.UndoneMaps         334484                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus12.rename.serializingInsts          390                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.tempSerializingInsts          199                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.skidInsts           44989                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.insertedLoads       152961                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.insertedStores        81500                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.conflictingLoads          924                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.conflictingStores        17461                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqInstsAdded          1619820                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          392                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqInstsIssued         1527488                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued          323                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       198837                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       482527                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved            7                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2647041                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.577055                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.270663                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      2002581     75.65%     75.65% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       263875      9.97%     85.62% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       133949      5.06%     90.68% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       102085      3.86%     94.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        79540      3.00%     97.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        32375      1.22%     98.77% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        20551      0.78%     99.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        10561      0.40%     99.94% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         1524      0.06%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2647041                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntAlu           333     12.19%     12.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::MemRead          988     36.16%     48.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1411     51.65%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1284811     84.11%     84.11% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        22700      1.49%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          190      0.01%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       138652      9.08%     94.69% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        81135      5.31%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::total      1527488                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.rate                 0.529314                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_busy_cnt              2732                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001789                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      5705072                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1819066                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1502469                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_alu_accesses      1530220                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         3038                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        27438                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            3                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           18                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1613                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewSquashCycles        43598                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewBlockCycles         12906                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1497                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1620221                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts            8                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       152961                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        81500                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          200                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewIQFullEvents         1298                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus12.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           18                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus12.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        13628                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus12.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        14384                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus12.iew.branchMispredicts        28012                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1504806                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       130214                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        22682                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_nop                   9                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_refs             211331                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_branches         213072                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_stores            81117                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_rate           0.521454                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_sent              1502548                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_count             1502469                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_producers          863339                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_consumers         2325824                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_rate             0.520644                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_fanout           0.371197                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitCommittedInsts      1125745                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitCommittedOps      1385236                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitSquashedInsts       234987                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          385                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus12.commit.branchMispredicts        24926                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2603443                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.532078                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.380768                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      2035733     78.19%     78.19% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       281146     10.80%     88.99% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       106610      4.09%     93.09% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        50333      1.93%     95.02% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        42416      1.63%     96.65% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        24638      0.95%     97.60% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        21937      0.84%     98.44% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         9645      0.37%     98.81% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        30985      1.19%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2603443                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committedInsts      1125745                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committedOps      1385236                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.refs               205410                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.loads              125523                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.membars               192                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.branches           199714                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.int_insts         1248119                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.function_calls        28528                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.bw_lim_events        30985                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus12.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus12.rob.rob_reads            4192668                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus12.rob.rob_writes           3284054                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus12.timesIdled                 36268                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus12.idleCycles                238746                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus12.committedInsts           1125745                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.committedOps             1385236                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.committedInsts_total      1125745                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.cpi                     2.563446                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus12.cpi_total               2.563446                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus12.ipc                     0.390100                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus12.ipc_total               0.390100                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus12.int_regfile_reads        6771565                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus12.int_regfile_writes       2094675                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus12.misc_regfile_reads       1505396                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus12.misc_regfile_writes          384                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus13.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus13.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus13.numCycles                2885787                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus13.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus13.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.lookups         223220                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.condPredicted       201036                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        13756                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       104086                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBHits          78152                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.usedRAS          12166                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          624                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2358813                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Insts              1402143                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Branches            223220                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.predictedBranches        90318                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Cycles              276616                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.SquashCycles         43467                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.BlockedCycles        61345                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.CacheLines          137314                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.IcacheSquashes        13647                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::samples      2726154                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.604230                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.934690                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::0        2449538     89.85%     89.85% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::1           9718      0.36%     90.21% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::2          20094      0.74%     90.95% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::3           8434      0.31%     91.26% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::4          45208      1.66%     92.91% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::5          40604      1.49%     94.40% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::6           7853      0.29%     94.69% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::7          16593      0.61%     95.30% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::8         128112      4.70%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::total      2726154                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.branchRate        0.077352                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rate              0.485879                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.decode.IdleCycles        2344742                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BlockedCycles        75886                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus13.decode.RunCycles          275397                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus13.decode.UnblockCycles          964                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.decode.SquashCycles        29156                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BranchResolved        19707                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BranchMispred          224                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus13.decode.DecodedInsts      1643765                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus13.decode.SquashedInsts         1356                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus13.rename.SquashCycles        29156                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.rename.IdleCycles        2347759                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus13.rename.BlockCycles         52291                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus13.rename.serializeStallCycles        15482                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RunCycles          273464                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus13.rename.UnblockCycles         7993                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenamedInsts      1641545                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus13.rename.ROBFullEvents            6                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.IQFullEvents         3128                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.LSQFullEvents         3068                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.FullRegisterEvents           45                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenamedOperands      1934469                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenameLookups      7726735                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus13.rename.int_rename_lookups      7726735                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus13.rename.CommittedMaps      1677263                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.UndoneMaps         257200                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus13.rename.serializingInsts          200                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.tempSerializingInsts          108                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.skidInsts           22153                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.insertedLoads       384647                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.insertedStores       193230                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.conflictingLoads         1787                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.conflictingStores         9565                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqInstsAdded          1635928                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          202                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqInstsIssued         1562018                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1066                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       148545                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       358269                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           13                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2726154                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.572975                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.369453                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      2169986     79.60%     79.60% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       167546      6.15%     85.74% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       136392      5.00%     90.75% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        59116      2.17%     92.92% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        74762      2.74%     95.66% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        72141      2.65%     98.30% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        40883      1.50%     99.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         3335      0.12%     99.93% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         1993      0.07%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2726154                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          3887     11.00%     11.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::MemRead        30547     86.42%     97.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::MemWrite          913      2.58%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu       983170     62.94%     62.94% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        13585      0.87%     63.81% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     63.81% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.81% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.81% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.81% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     63.81% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.81% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.81% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     63.81% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     63.81% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     63.81% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     63.81% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     63.81% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     63.81% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     63.81% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.81% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     63.81% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     63.81% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     63.81% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.81% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     63.81% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.81% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.81% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.81% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc           92      0.01%     63.82% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     63.82% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.82% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.82% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       372725     23.86%     87.68% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       192446     12.32%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::total      1562018                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.rate                 0.541280                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_busy_cnt             35347                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.022629                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      5886603                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1784736                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1546399                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_alu_accesses      1597365                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         2853                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        19051                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           14                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           62                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         2067                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          138                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewSquashCycles        29156                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewBlockCycles         47823                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewUnblockCycles         2054                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1636136                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           60                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       384647                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       193230                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          108                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewIQFullEvents         1373                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           10                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus13.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           62                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus13.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         7394                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus13.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         8405                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus13.iew.branchMispredicts        15799                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1549546                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       371265                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        12472                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_nop                   6                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_refs             563664                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_branches         202782                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_stores           192399                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_rate           0.536958                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_sent              1546527                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_count             1546399                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_producers          836748                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_consumers         1652819                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_rate             0.535867                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_fanout           0.506255                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitCommittedInsts      1245472                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitCommittedOps      1463658                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitSquashedInsts       172555                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          189                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus13.commit.branchMispredicts        13820                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2696998                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.542699                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.365035                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      2165311     80.29%     80.29% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       194715      7.22%     87.51% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        91097      3.38%     90.88% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        89758      3.33%     94.21% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        24346      0.90%     95.11% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       104211      3.86%     98.98% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         7888      0.29%     99.27% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         5668      0.21%     99.48% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        14004      0.52%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2696998                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committedInsts      1245472                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committedOps      1463658                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.refs               556751                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.loads              365593                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.membars                94                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.branches           193366                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.int_insts         1301482                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.function_calls        14188                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.bw_lim_events        14004                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus13.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus13.rob.rob_reads            4319194                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus13.rob.rob_writes           3301607                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus13.timesIdled                 53428                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus13.idleCycles                159633                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus13.committedInsts           1245472                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.committedOps             1463658                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.committedInsts_total      1245472                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.cpi                     2.317023                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus13.cpi_total               2.317023                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus13.ipc                     0.431588                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus13.ipc_total               0.431588                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus13.int_regfile_reads        7652728                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus13.int_regfile_writes       1800149                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus13.misc_regfile_reads       1948670                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus13.misc_regfile_writes          188                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus14.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus14.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus14.numCycles                2885787                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus14.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus14.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.lookups         236641                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.condPredicted       193556                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        24825                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        96336                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBHits          90692                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.usedRAS          24031                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         1146                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2271245                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Insts              1325554                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Branches            236641                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.predictedBranches       114723                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Cycles              275256                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.SquashCycles         68921                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.BlockedCycles        54281                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           24                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.CacheLines          140562                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.IcacheSquashes        24677                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::samples      2644588                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.615775                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.962785                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::0        2369332     89.59%     89.59% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::1          12814      0.48%     90.08% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::2          19856      0.75%     90.83% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::3          26831      1.01%     91.84% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::4          28209      1.07%     92.91% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::5          23972      0.91%     93.81% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::6          12785      0.48%     94.30% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::7          20267      0.77%     95.06% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::8         130522      4.94%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::total      2644588                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.branchRate        0.082002                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rate              0.459339                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.decode.IdleCycles        2247907                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BlockedCycles        78130                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus14.decode.RunCycles          274583                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus14.decode.UnblockCycles          390                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.decode.SquashCycles        43572                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BranchResolved        38807                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BranchMispred          211                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus14.decode.DecodedInsts      1624898                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus14.decode.SquashedInsts         1268                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus14.rename.SquashCycles        43572                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.rename.IdleCycles        2254499                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus14.rename.BlockCycles         15953                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus14.rename.serializeStallCycles        47699                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RunCycles          268401                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus14.rename.UnblockCycles        14459                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenamedInsts      1623154                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus14.rename.ROBFullEvents           10                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.IQFullEvents         1879                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.LSQFullEvents         6368                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenamedOperands      2266084                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenameLookups      7547048                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus14.rename.int_rename_lookups      7547048                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus14.rename.CommittedMaps      1930760                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.UndoneMaps         335324                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus14.rename.serializingInsts          402                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.tempSerializingInsts          210                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.skidInsts           45404                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.insertedLoads       152866                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.insertedStores        81470                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.conflictingLoads          895                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.conflictingStores        27897                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqInstsAdded          1619846                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          404                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqInstsIssued         1527459                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued          330                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       198962                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       482444                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           18                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2644588                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.577579                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.266438                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1992227     75.33%     75.33% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       273475     10.34%     85.67% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       136970      5.18%     90.85% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        98895      3.74%     94.59% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        77986      2.95%     97.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        32354      1.22%     98.76% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        20608      0.78%     99.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        10587      0.40%     99.94% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         1486      0.06%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2644588                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntAlu           328     12.10%     12.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::MemRead          979     36.11%     48.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1404     51.79%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1284973     84.12%     84.12% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        22730      1.49%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          190      0.01%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       138514      9.07%     94.69% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        81052      5.31%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::total      1527459                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.rate                 0.529304                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_busy_cnt              2711                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001775                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      5702547                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1819230                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1502449                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_alu_accesses      1530170                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         3085                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        27398                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            1                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           19                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1612                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewSquashCycles        43572                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewBlockCycles         12595                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1486                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1620257                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts            5                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       152866                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        81470                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          211                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewIQFullEvents         1279                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus14.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           19                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus14.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        13541                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus14.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        14478                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus14.iew.branchMispredicts        28019                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1504761                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       130159                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        22698                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_nop                   7                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_refs             211192                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_branches         213174                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_stores            81033                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_rate           0.521439                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_sent              1502533                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_count             1502449                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_producers          863579                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_consumers         2326333                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_rate             0.520638                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_fanout           0.371219                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitCommittedInsts      1125383                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitCommittedOps      1384769                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitSquashedInsts       235493                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          386                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus14.commit.branchMispredicts        24913                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2601016                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.532395                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.370506                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      2026792     77.92%     77.92% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       287627     11.06%     88.98% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       105756      4.07%     93.05% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        50466      1.94%     94.99% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        46470      1.79%     96.77% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        24862      0.96%     97.73% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        19281      0.74%     98.47% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         9740      0.37%     98.85% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        30022      1.15%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2601016                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committedInsts      1125383                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committedOps      1384769                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.refs               205326                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.loads              125468                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.membars               192                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.branches           199650                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.int_insts         1247695                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.function_calls        28518                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.bw_lim_events        30022                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus14.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus14.rob.rob_reads            4191243                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus14.rob.rob_writes           3284105                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus14.timesIdled                 36332                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus14.idleCycles                241199                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus14.committedInsts           1125383                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.committedOps             1384769                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.committedInsts_total      1125383                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.cpi                     2.564271                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus14.cpi_total               2.564271                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus14.ipc                     0.389974                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus14.ipc_total               0.389974                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus14.int_regfile_reads        6771305                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus14.int_regfile_writes       2094810                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus14.misc_regfile_reads       1505557                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus14.misc_regfile_writes          386                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus15.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus15.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus15.numCycles                2885787                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus15.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus15.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.lookups         223105                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.condPredicted       181844                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        23276                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        91172                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBHits          84943                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.usedRAS          22304                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         1028                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2162068                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Insts              1318859                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Branches            223105                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.predictedBranches       107247                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Cycles              270428                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.SquashCycles         73124                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.BlockedCycles        78197                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.CacheLines          134697                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.IcacheSquashes        23334                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::samples      2559677                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.625949                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.991526                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::0        2289249     89.44%     89.44% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::1          14310      0.56%     89.99% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::2          22601      0.88%     90.88% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::3          33832      1.32%     92.20% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::4          14265      0.56%     92.76% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::5          17267      0.67%     93.43% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::6          17559      0.69%     94.12% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::7          12281      0.48%     94.60% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::8         138313      5.40%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::total      2559677                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.branchRate        0.077312                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rate              0.457019                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.decode.IdleCycles        2133695                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BlockedCycles       107352                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus15.decode.RunCycles          268409                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus15.decode.UnblockCycles         1620                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.decode.SquashCycles        48598                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BranchResolved        36239                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BranchMispred          388                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus15.decode.DecodedInsts      1597737                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus15.decode.SquashedInsts         1342                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus15.rename.SquashCycles        48598                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.rename.IdleCycles        2139207                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus15.rename.BlockCycles         50205                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus15.rename.serializeStallCycles        39419                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RunCycles          264700                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus15.rename.UnblockCycles        17545                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenamedInsts      1594452                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus15.rename.ROBFullEvents         1092                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.IQFullEvents         3353                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.LSQFullEvents         8582                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.FullRegisterEvents         1783                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenamedOperands      2181386                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenameLookups      7432777                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus15.rename.int_rename_lookups      7432777                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus15.rename.CommittedMaps      1800697                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.UndoneMaps         380689                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus15.rename.serializingInsts          386                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.tempSerializingInsts          222                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.skidInsts           48986                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.insertedLoads       161135                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.insertedStores        89223                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.conflictingLoads         4626                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.conflictingStores        18891                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqInstsAdded          1589420                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          389                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqInstsIssued         1483309                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         2099                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       242941                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       563561                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           55                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2559677                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.579491                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.263250                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1927014     75.28%     75.28% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       256876     10.04%     85.32% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       141871      5.54%     90.86% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        93145      3.64%     94.50% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        85108      3.32%     97.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        26265      1.03%     98.85% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        18540      0.72%     99.58% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         6605      0.26%     99.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         4253      0.17%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2559677                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntAlu           384     10.33%     10.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     10.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     10.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     10.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     10.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     10.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     10.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     10.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     10.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     10.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     10.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     10.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     10.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     10.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     10.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     10.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     10.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     10.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     10.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     10.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     10.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     10.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     10.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     10.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     10.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     10.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     10.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     10.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     10.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::MemRead         1610     43.33%     53.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1722     46.34%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1221290     82.34%     82.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        27305      1.84%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          164      0.01%     84.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     84.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     84.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     84.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       147014      9.91%     94.10% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        87536      5.90%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::total      1483309                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.rate                 0.514005                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_busy_cnt              3716                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002505                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      5532110                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1832818                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1456328                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_alu_accesses      1487025                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         7032                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        33365                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           11                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           70                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         5630                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         1163                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewSquashCycles        48598                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewBlockCycles         36043                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewUnblockCycles         2127                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1589815                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          540                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       161135                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        89223                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          222                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewIQFullEvents         1232                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           27                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus15.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           70                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus15.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        12503                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus15.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        14336                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus15.iew.branchMispredicts        26839                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1461874                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       139258                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        21435                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_nop                   6                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_refs             226661                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_branches         198622                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_stores            87403                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_rate           0.506577                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_sent              1456447                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_count             1456328                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_producers          861085                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_consumers         2184171                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_rate             0.504655                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_fanout           0.394239                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitCommittedInsts      1079588                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitCommittedOps      1316373                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitSquashedInsts       274507                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          334                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus15.commit.branchMispredicts        23700                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2511079                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.524226                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.374989                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1977713     78.76%     78.76% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       253902     10.11%     88.87% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       105499      4.20%     93.07% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        54135      2.16%     95.23% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        40255      1.60%     96.83% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        22971      0.91%     97.75% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        13983      0.56%     98.30% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        11673      0.46%     98.77% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        30948      1.23%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2511079                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committedInsts      1079588                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committedOps      1316373                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.refs               211363                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.loads              127770                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.membars               166                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.branches           183071                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.int_insts         1189799                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.function_calls        25652                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.bw_lim_events        30948                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus15.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus15.rob.rob_reads            4070998                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus15.rob.rob_writes           3230368                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus15.timesIdled                 38694                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus15.idleCycles                326110                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus15.committedInsts           1079588                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.committedOps             1316373                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.committedInsts_total      1079588                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.cpi                     2.673045                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus15.cpi_total               2.673045                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus15.ipc                     0.374105                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus15.ipc_total               0.374105                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus15.int_regfile_reads        6635236                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus15.int_regfile_writes       1988927                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus15.misc_regfile_reads       1515048                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus15.misc_regfile_writes          334                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.l2.replacements                           6101                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tagsinuse                      32738.174816                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.total_refs                           945159                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.sampled_refs                          38838                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.avg_refs                          24.335934                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.warmup_cycle                              0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.occ_blocks::writebacks          1429.731135                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.inst    15.243322                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.data   131.357159                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.inst    15.579057                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.data   129.390315                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.inst    13.816958                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.data   149.636913                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.inst    23.948173                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.data   312.018061                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.inst    13.818026                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.data   135.566791                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.inst    18.178861                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.data    70.390075                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.inst    13.818267                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.data   137.220921                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.inst    16.312747                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.data   101.058394                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.inst    29.644006                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.data   227.549384                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.inst    28.408943                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.data   227.592399                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.inst    16.004484                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.data    96.175843                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.inst    23.938883                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.data   303.450460                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.inst    16.241909                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.data   100.171181                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.inst    27.810591                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.data   218.599851                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.inst    15.793381                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.data   101.456337                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.inst    22.998065                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.data   315.620462                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu00.data          1812.016881                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu01.data          1876.013080                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu02.data          1575.122442                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu03.data          2523.511583                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu04.data          1623.727081                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu05.data          1050.988258                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu06.data          1585.712251                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu07.data          1282.561834                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu08.data          1924.815115                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu09.data          1996.892230                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu10.data          1309.897989                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu11.data          2530.818058                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu12.data          1296.561201                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu13.data          1999.406632                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu14.data          1301.270138                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu15.data          2550.318690                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_percent::writebacks            0.043632                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000465                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.data     0.004009                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000475                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.data     0.003949                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000422                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.data     0.004567                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000731                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.data     0.009522                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000422                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.data     0.004137                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000555                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.data     0.002148                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000422                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.data     0.004188                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000498                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.data     0.003084                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000905                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.data     0.006944                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000867                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.data     0.006946                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000488                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.data     0.002935                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000731                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.data     0.009261                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000496                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.data     0.003057                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000849                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.data     0.006671                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000482                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.data     0.003096                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000702                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.data     0.009632                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu00.data            0.055298                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu01.data            0.057251                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu02.data            0.048069                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu03.data            0.077011                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu04.data            0.049552                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu05.data            0.032074                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu06.data            0.048392                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu07.data            0.039141                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu08.data            0.058741                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu09.data            0.060940                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu10.data            0.039975                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu11.data            0.077234                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu12.data            0.039568                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu13.data            0.061017                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu14.data            0.039712                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu15.data            0.077830                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::total                 0.999090                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data          385                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data          386                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data          335                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data          576                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data          356                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data          306                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data          355                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data          292                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data          496                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data          504                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data          306                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data          575                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data          299                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data          510                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data          291                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data          574                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::total                    6561                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.Writeback_hits::writebacks             3485                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.Writeback_hits::total                  3485                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data            2                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data            2                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data            2                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                    34                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.data          387                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.data          388                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.data          335                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.data          579                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.data          356                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.data          309                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.data          355                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.data          295                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.data          498                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.data          505                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.data          309                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.data          578                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.data          302                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.data          513                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.data          294                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.data          577                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                     6595                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.data          387                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.data          388                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.data          335                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.data          579                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.data          356                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.data          309                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.data          355                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.data          295                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.data          498                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.data          505                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.data          309                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.data          578                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.data          302                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.data          513                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.data          294                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.data          577                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                    6595                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           25                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data          253                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           25                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data          250                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data          277                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           25                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data          633                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data          257                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           26                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data          138                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data          254                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           29                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data          202                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           31                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data          452                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           30                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data          447                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data          186                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           25                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data          615                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           29                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data          195                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           29                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data          437                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           26                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data          199                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           24                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data          638                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::total                  5826                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data           82                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data            2                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data           88                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data           86                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total                 264                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           25                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.data          254                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           25                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.data          251                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.data          278                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           25                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.data          715                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.data          258                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           26                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.data          138                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.data          255                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           29                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.data          202                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           31                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.data          453                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           30                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.data          449                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.data          186                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           25                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.data          703                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           29                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.data          195                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           29                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.data          437                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           26                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.data          199                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           24                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.data          724                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                   6090                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           25                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.data          254                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           25                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.data          251                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           14                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.data          278                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           25                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.data          715                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           14                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.data          258                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           26                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.data          138                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           14                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.data          255                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           29                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.data          202                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           31                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.data          453                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           30                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.data          449                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           27                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.data          186                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           25                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.data          703                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           29                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.data          195                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           29                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.data          437                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           26                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.data          199                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           24                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.data          724                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                  6090                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      3966856                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data     38318511                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      3778231                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data     37555244                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      2168280                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data     41848187                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      3696367                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data     95441608                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      2174847                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data     38640955                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      3867180                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data     20917330                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      2009693                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data     37959189                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      4478837                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data     31114631                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      4908258                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data     68564655                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      4635128                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data     67811414                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      4227075                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data     28302291                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      3668516                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data     93017500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      4631621                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data     29634164                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      4486615                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data     67274509                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      4118006                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data     29955832                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      3558426                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data     97391185                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::total       884121141                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data       136655                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data       137837                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data       148807                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data     12241741                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data       146348                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data       143181                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data       153714                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data       293978                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data     13346180                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data     12854280                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total      39602721                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      3966856                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data     38455166                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      3778231                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data     37693081                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      2168280                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data     41996994                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      3696367                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    107683349                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      2174847                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data     38787303                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      3867180                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data     20917330                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      2009693                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data     38102370                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      4478837                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data     31114631                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      4908258                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data     68718369                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      4635128                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data     68105392                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      4227075                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data     28302291                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      3668516                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    106363680                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      4631621                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data     29634164                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      4486615                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data     67274509                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      4118006                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data     29955832                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      3558426                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    110245465                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total        923723862                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      3966856                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data     38455166                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      3778231                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data     37693081                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      2168280                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data     41996994                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      3696367                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    107683349                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      2174847                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data     38787303                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      3867180                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data     20917330                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      2009693                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data     38102370                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      4478837                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data     31114631                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      4908258                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data     68718369                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      4635128                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data     68105392                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      4227075                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data     28302291                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      3668516                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    106363680                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      4631621                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data     29634164                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      4486615                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data     67274509                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      4118006                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data     29955832                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      3558426                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    110245465                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total       923723862                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           26                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data          638                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           26                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data          636                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data          612                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           26                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data         1209                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data          613                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           28                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data          444                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data          609                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           30                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data          494                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           32                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data          948                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           31                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data          951                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           29                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data          492                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           26                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data         1190                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           30                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data          494                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           30                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data          947                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data          490                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           25                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data         1212                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::total               12387                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         3485                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::total              3485                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data           85                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data           91                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data           89                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total               298                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           26                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.data          641                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           26                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.data          639                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.data          613                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           26                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.data         1294                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.data          614                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           28                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.data          447                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.data          610                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           30                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.data          497                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           32                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.data          951                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           31                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.data          954                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           29                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.data          495                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           26                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.data         1281                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           30                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.data          497                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           30                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.data          950                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.data          493                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           25                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.data         1301                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total                12685                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           26                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.data          641                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           26                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.data          639                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           14                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.data          613                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           26                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.data         1294                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           14                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.data          614                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           28                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.data          447                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           14                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.data          610                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           30                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.data          497                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           32                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.data          951                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           31                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.data          954                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           29                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.data          495                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           26                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.data         1281                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           30                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.data          497                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           30                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.data          950                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           27                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.data          493                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           25                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.data         1301                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total               12685                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.961538                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.396552                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.961538                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.393082                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.452614                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.961538                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.523573                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.419250                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.928571                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.310811                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.417077                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.966667                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.408907                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.968750                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.476793                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.967742                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.470032                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.931034                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.378049                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.961538                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.516807                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.966667                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.394737                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.966667                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.461457                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.962963                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.406122                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.960000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.526403                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::total           0.470332                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.333333                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.333333                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.964706                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.333333                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.666667                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.967033                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.966292                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.885906                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.961538                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.396256                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.961538                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.392801                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.453507                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.961538                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.552550                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.420195                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.928571                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.308725                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.418033                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.966667                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.406439                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.968750                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.476341                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.967742                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.470650                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.931034                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.375758                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.961538                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.548790                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.966667                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.392354                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.966667                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.460000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.962963                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.403651                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.960000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.556495                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.480095                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.961538                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.396256                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.961538                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.392801                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.453507                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.961538                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.552550                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.420195                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.928571                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.308725                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.418033                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.966667                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.406439                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.968750                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.476341                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.967742                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.470650                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.931034                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.375758                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.961538                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.548790                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.966667                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.392354                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.966667                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.460000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.962963                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.403651                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.960000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.556495                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.480095                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 158674.240000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 151456.565217                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 151129.240000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 150220.976000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 154877.142857                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 151076.487365                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 147854.680000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 150776.631912                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 155346.214286                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 150353.910506                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 148737.692308                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 151574.855072                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 143549.500000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 149445.625984                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 154442.655172                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 154032.826733                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 158330.903226                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 151691.714602                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 154504.266667                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 151703.387025                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 156558.333333                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 152162.854839                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 146740.640000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 151247.967480                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 159711.068966                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 151970.071795                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 154710.862069                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 153946.244851                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 158384.846154                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 150531.819095                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 148267.750000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 152650.760188                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 151754.401133                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data       136655                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data       137837                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data       148807                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 149289.524390                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data       146348                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data       143181                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data       153714                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data       146989                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 151661.136364                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 149468.372093                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 150010.306818                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 158674.240000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 151398.291339                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 151129.240000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 150171.637450                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 154877.142857                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 151068.323741                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 147854.680000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 150606.082517                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 155346.214286                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 150338.383721                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 148737.692308                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 151574.855072                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 143549.500000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 149421.058824                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 154442.655172                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 154032.826733                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 158330.903226                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 151696.178808                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 154504.266667                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 151682.387528                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 156558.333333                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 152162.854839                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 146740.640000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 151299.687055                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 159711.068966                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 151970.071795                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 154710.862069                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 153946.244851                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 158384.846154                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 150531.819095                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 148267.750000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 152272.741713                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 151678.795074                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 158674.240000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 151398.291339                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 151129.240000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 150171.637450                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 154877.142857                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 151068.323741                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 147854.680000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 150606.082517                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 155346.214286                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 150338.383721                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 148737.692308                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 151574.855072                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 143549.500000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 149421.058824                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 154442.655172                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 154032.826733                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 158330.903226                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 151696.178808                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 154504.266667                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 151682.387528                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 156558.333333                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 152162.854839                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 146740.640000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 151299.687055                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 159711.068966                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 151970.071795                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 154710.862069                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 153946.244851                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 158384.846154                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 150531.819095                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 148267.750000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 152272.741713                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 151678.795074                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.fast_writes                               0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2.cache_copies                              0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks                 2553                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                      2553                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           25                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data          253                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           25                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data          250                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data          277                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           25                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data          633                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data          257                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           26                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data          138                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data          254                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           29                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data          202                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           31                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data          452                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           30                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data          447                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data          186                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           25                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data          615                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           29                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data          195                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           29                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data          437                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           26                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data          199                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           24                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data          638                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total             5826                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data           82                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data            2                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data           88                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data           86                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total            264                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           25                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data          254                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           25                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data          251                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data          278                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           25                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data          715                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data          258                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           26                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data          138                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data          255                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           29                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data          202                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           31                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data          453                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           30                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data          449                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data          186                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           25                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data          703                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           29                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data          195                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           29                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data          437                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           26                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data          199                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           24                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data          724                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total              6090                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           25                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data          254                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           25                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data          251                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data          278                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           25                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data          715                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data          258                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           26                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data          138                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data          255                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           29                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data          202                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           31                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data          453                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           30                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data          449                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           27                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data          186                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           25                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data          703                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           29                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data          195                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           29                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data          437                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           26                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data          199                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           24                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data          724                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total             6090                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      2512911                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data     23594398                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      2320734                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data     23000063                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      1355947                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data     25722208                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      2240241                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data     58587344                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      1362998                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data     23680952                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      2353951                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data     12885455                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      1195028                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data     23176003                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      2794802                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data     19368570                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      3108706                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data     42265287                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      2888578                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data     41828757                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      2656628                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data     17472025                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      2216291                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data     57220658                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      2948213                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data     18286387                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      2801418                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data     41858576                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      2605409                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data     18363771                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      2164307                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data     60244064                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    545080680                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data        78319                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data        79688                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data        90947                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data      7466964                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data        88445                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data        85109                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data        95914                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data       177307                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data      8218881                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data      7845221                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     24226795                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      2512911                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data     23672717                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      2320734                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data     23079751                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      1355947                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data     25813155                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      2240241                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data     66054308                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      1362998                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data     23769397                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      2353951                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data     12885455                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      1195028                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data     23261112                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      2794802                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data     19368570                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      3108706                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data     42361201                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      2888578                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data     42006064                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      2656628                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data     17472025                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      2216291                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data     65439539                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      2948213                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data     18286387                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      2801418                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data     41858576                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      2605409                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data     18363771                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      2164307                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data     68089285                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    569307475                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      2512911                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data     23672717                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      2320734                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data     23079751                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      1355947                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data     25813155                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      2240241                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data     66054308                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      1362998                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data     23769397                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      2353951                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data     12885455                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      1195028                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data     23261112                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      2794802                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data     19368570                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      3108706                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data     42361201                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      2888578                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data     42006064                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      2656628                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data     17472025                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      2216291                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data     65439539                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      2948213                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data     18286387                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      2801418                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data     41858576                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      2605409                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data     18363771                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      2164307                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data     68089285                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    569307475                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.961538                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.396552                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.961538                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.393082                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.452614                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.961538                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.523573                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.419250                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.928571                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.310811                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.417077                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.966667                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.408907                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.968750                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.476793                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.967742                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.470032                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.931034                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.378049                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.961538                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.516807                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.966667                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.394737                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.966667                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.461457                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.962963                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.406122                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.960000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.526403                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.470332                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.333333                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.333333                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.964706                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.333333                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.666667                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.967033                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.966292                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.885906                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.961538                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.396256                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.961538                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.392801                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.453507                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.961538                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.552550                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.420195                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.928571                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.308725                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.418033                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.966667                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.406439                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.968750                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.476341                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.967742                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.470650                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.931034                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.375758                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.961538                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.548790                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.966667                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.392354                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.966667                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.460000                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.962963                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.403651                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.960000                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.556495                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.480095                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.961538                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.396256                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.961538                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.392801                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.453507                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.961538                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.552550                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.420195                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.928571                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.308725                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.418033                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.966667                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.406439                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.968750                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.476341                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.967742                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.470650                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.931034                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.375758                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.961538                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.548790                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.966667                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.392354                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.966667                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.460000                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.962963                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.403651                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.960000                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.556495                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.480095                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 100516.440000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 93258.490119                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 92829.360000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 92000.252000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 96853.357143                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 92859.956679                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 89609.640000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 92555.045814                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst        97357                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 92143.782101                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 90536.576923                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 93372.862319                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 85359.142857                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 91244.106299                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 96372.482759                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 95884.009901                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 100280.838710                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 93507.272124                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 96285.933333                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 93576.637584                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 98393.629630                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 93935.618280                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 88651.640000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 93041.720325                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 101662.517241                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 93776.343590                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 96600.620690                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 95786.215103                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 100208.038462                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 92280.256281                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 90179.458333                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 94426.432602                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 93560.020597                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data        78319                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data        79688                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data        90947                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 91060.536585                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data        88445                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data        85109                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data        95914                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 88653.500000                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 93396.375000                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 91223.500000                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 91768.162879                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 100516.440000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 93199.673228                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 92829.360000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 91951.199203                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 96853.357143                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 92853.075540                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 89609.640000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 92383.647552                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst        97357                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 92129.445736                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 90536.576923                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 93372.862319                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 85359.142857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 91220.047059                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 96372.482759                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 95884.009901                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 100280.838710                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 93512.584989                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 96285.933333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 93554.708241                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 98393.629630                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 93935.618280                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 88651.640000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 93086.115220                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 101662.517241                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 93776.343590                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 96600.620690                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 95786.215103                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 100208.038462                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 92280.256281                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 90179.458333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 94045.973757                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 93482.344007                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 100516.440000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 93199.673228                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 92829.360000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 91951.199203                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 96853.357143                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 92853.075540                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 89609.640000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 92383.647552                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst        97357                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 92129.445736                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 90536.576923                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 93372.862319                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 85359.142857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 91220.047059                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 96372.482759                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 95884.009901                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 100280.838710                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 93512.584989                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 96285.933333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 93554.708241                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 98393.629630                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 93935.618280                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 88651.640000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 93086.115220                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 101662.517241                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 93776.343590                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 96600.620690                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 95786.215103                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 100208.038462                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 92280.256281                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 90179.458333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 94045.973757                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 93482.344007                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.no_allocate_misses                        0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu00.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu00.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu00.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu00.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu00.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu00.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu00.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu00.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu00.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu00.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu00.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu00.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu00.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu00.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu00.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu00.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu00.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu00.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu00.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu00.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu00.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu00.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu00.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu00.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu00.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu00.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu00.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu00.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu00.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu00.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu00.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu00.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu00.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu00.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu00.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu00.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu00.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu00.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu00.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu00.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu00.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu00.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu00.icache.replacements                    1                       # number of replacements
system.cpu00.icache.tagsinuse              542.242482                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu00.icache.total_refs              750172933                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.sampled_refs                  553                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.avg_refs             1356551.415913                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu00.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.inst    15.506522                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.icache.occ_blocks::cpu00.inst   526.735960                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.inst     0.024850                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::cpu00.inst     0.844128                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::total       0.868978                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.inst       140736                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        140736                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.inst       140736                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_hits::total         140736                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.inst       140736                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_hits::total        140736                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           32                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           32                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           32                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_misses::total           32                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           32                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_misses::total           32                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      4947470                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      4947470                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      4947470                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      4947470                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      4947470                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      4947470                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst       140768                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       140768                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst       140768                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_accesses::total       140768                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst       140768                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_accesses::total       140768                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000227                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000227                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000227                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000227                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000227                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000227                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 154608.437500                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 154608.437500                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 154608.437500                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 154608.437500                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 154608.437500                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 154608.437500                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu00.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            6                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            6                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            6                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            6                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            6                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            6                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           26                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           26                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           26                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           26                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           26                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           26                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      4287137                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      4287137                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      4287137                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      4287137                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      4287137                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      4287137                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000185                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000185                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000185                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000185                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000185                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000185                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 164889.884615                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 164889.884615                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 164889.884615                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 164889.884615                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 164889.884615                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 164889.884615                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu00.dcache.replacements                  641                       # number of replacements
system.cpu00.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu00.dcache.total_refs              171130851                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.sampled_refs                  897                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_refs             190781.327759                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.data   154.917364                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu00.data   101.082636                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.data     0.605146                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::cpu00.data     0.394854                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data       201176                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        201176                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data        40669                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        40669                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data          103                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          103                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data           99                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total           99                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.data       241845                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_hits::total         241845                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.data       241845                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_hits::total        241845                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data         2218                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         2218                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data           15                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           15                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.data         2233                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_misses::total         2233                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.data         2233                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_misses::total         2233                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    243327601                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    243327601                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data      2091573                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      2091573                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    245419174                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    245419174                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    245419174                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    245419174                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data       203394                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       203394                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data        40684                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        40684                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data          103                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          103                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data           99                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total           99                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.data       244078                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_accesses::total       244078                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.data       244078                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_accesses::total       244078                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.010905                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010905                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.000369                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000369                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.009149                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.009149                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.009149                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.009149                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 109705.861587                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 109705.861587                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 139438.200000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 139438.200000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 109905.586207                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 109905.586207                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 109905.586207                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 109905.586207                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu00.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu00.dcache.writebacks::writebacks           81                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu00.dcache.writebacks::total              81                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data         1580                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1580                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data           12                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data         1592                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1592                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data         1592                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1592                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data          638                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          638                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data          641                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          641                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data          641                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          641                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data     67448181                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     67448181                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data       309864                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       309864                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data     67758045                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     67758045                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data     67758045                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     67758045                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.003137                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003137                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.000074                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000074                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.002626                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002626                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.002626                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002626                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 105718.152038                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 105718.152038                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data       103288                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total       103288                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 105706.778471                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 105706.778471                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 105706.778471                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 105706.778471                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu01.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu01.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu01.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu01.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu01.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu01.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu01.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu01.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu01.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu01.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu01.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu01.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu01.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu01.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu01.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu01.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu01.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu01.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu01.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu01.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu01.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu01.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu01.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu01.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu01.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu01.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu01.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu01.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu01.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu01.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu01.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu01.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu01.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu01.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu01.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu01.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu01.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu01.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu01.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu01.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu01.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu01.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu01.icache.replacements                    1                       # number of replacements
system.cpu01.icache.tagsinuse              542.578353                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu01.icache.total_refs              750172858                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.sampled_refs                  553                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.avg_refs             1356551.280289                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu01.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.inst    15.842640                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.icache.occ_blocks::cpu01.inst   526.735713                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.inst     0.025389                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::cpu01.inst     0.844128                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::total       0.869517                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.inst       140661                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        140661                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.inst       140661                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_hits::total         140661                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.inst       140661                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_hits::total        140661                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           30                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           30                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           30                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_misses::total           30                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           30                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_misses::total           30                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      4825660                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      4825660                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      4825660                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      4825660                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      4825660                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      4825660                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst       140691                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       140691                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst       140691                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_accesses::total       140691                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst       140691                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_accesses::total       140691                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000213                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000213                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000213                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000213                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000213                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000213                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 160855.333333                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 160855.333333                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 160855.333333                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 160855.333333                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 160855.333333                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 160855.333333                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu01.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            4                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            4                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            4                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            4                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            4                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            4                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           26                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           26                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           26                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           26                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           26                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           26                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      4139246                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      4139246                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      4139246                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      4139246                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      4139246                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      4139246                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000185                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000185                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000185                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000185                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000185                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000185                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 159201.769231                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 159201.769231                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 159201.769231                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 159201.769231                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 159201.769231                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 159201.769231                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu01.dcache.replacements                  639                       # number of replacements
system.cpu01.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu01.dcache.total_refs              171131058                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.sampled_refs                  895                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_refs             191207.886034                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.data   154.945706                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu01.data   101.054294                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.data     0.605257                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::cpu01.data     0.394743                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data       201279                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        201279                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data        40778                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        40778                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data           99                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total           99                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data           98                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total           98                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.data       242057                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_hits::total         242057                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.data       242057                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_hits::total        242057                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data         2201                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         2201                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data           15                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           15                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.data         2216                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_misses::total         2216                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.data         2216                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_misses::total         2216                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    241433619                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    241433619                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data      1877382                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      1877382                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    243311001                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    243311001                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    243311001                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    243311001                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data       203480                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       203480                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data        40793                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        40793                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data           99                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total           99                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data           98                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total           98                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.data       244273                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_accesses::total       244273                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.data       244273                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_accesses::total       244273                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.010817                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010817                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.000368                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000368                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.009072                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.009072                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.009072                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.009072                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 109692.693776                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 109692.693776                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 125158.800000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 125158.800000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 109797.383123                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 109797.383123                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 109797.383123                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 109797.383123                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu01.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu01.dcache.writebacks::writebacks           84                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu01.dcache.writebacks::total              84                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data         1565                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1565                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data           12                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data         1577                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1577                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data         1577                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1577                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data          636                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          636                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data          639                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          639                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data          639                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          639                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data     66937248                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     66937248                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data       283302                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       283302                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data     67220550                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     67220550                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data     67220550                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     67220550                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.003126                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003126                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.000074                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000074                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.002616                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002616                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.002616                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002616                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 105247.245283                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 105247.245283                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data        94434                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        94434                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 105196.478873                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 105196.478873                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 105196.478873                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 105196.478873                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu02.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu02.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu02.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu02.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu02.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu02.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu02.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu02.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu02.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu02.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu02.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu02.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu02.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu02.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu02.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu02.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu02.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu02.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu02.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu02.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu02.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu02.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu02.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu02.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu02.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu02.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu02.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu02.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu02.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu02.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu02.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu02.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu02.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu02.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu02.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu02.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu02.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu02.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu02.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu02.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu02.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu02.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu02.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu02.icache.tagsinuse              495.816155                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu02.icache.total_refs              845323883                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.sampled_refs                  496                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.avg_refs             1704282.022177                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu02.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.inst    13.816155                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.icache.occ_blocks::cpu02.inst          482                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.inst     0.022141                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::cpu02.inst     0.772436                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::total       0.794577                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.inst       138855                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        138855                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.inst       138855                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_hits::total         138855                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.inst       138855                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_hits::total        138855                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           17                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           17                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           17                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_misses::total           17                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           17                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_misses::total           17                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      2866227                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      2866227                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      2866227                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      2866227                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      2866227                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      2866227                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst       138872                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       138872                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst       138872                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_accesses::total       138872                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst       138872                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_accesses::total       138872                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000122                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000122                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000122                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000122                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000122                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000122                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 168601.588235                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 168601.588235                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 168601.588235                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 168601.588235                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 168601.588235                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 168601.588235                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu02.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            3                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            3                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            3                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            3                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            3                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            3                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      2466232                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      2466232                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      2466232                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      2466232                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      2466232                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      2466232                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000101                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000101                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000101                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000101                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000101                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000101                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 176159.428571                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 176159.428571                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 176159.428571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 176159.428571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 176159.428571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 176159.428571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu02.dcache.replacements                  613                       # number of replacements
system.cpu02.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu02.dcache.total_refs              132974404                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.sampled_refs                  869                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_refs             153020.027618                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.data   176.345600                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu02.data    79.654400                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.data     0.688850                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::cpu02.data     0.311150                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data        95282                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         95282                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data        80506                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        80506                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data          191                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          191                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data          184                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          184                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.data       175788                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_hits::total         175788                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.data       175788                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_hits::total        175788                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data         2050                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         2050                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data           85                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           85                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.data         2135                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_misses::total         2135                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.data         2135                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_misses::total         2135                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    272157499                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    272157499                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data     10780721                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     10780721                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    282938220                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    282938220                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    282938220                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    282938220                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data        97332                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        97332                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data        80591                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        80591                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data          191                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          191                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data          184                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          184                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.data       177923                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_accesses::total       177923                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.data       177923                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_accesses::total       177923                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.021062                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021062                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.001055                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.001055                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.012000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.012000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 132759.755610                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 132759.755610                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 126832.011765                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 126832.011765                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 132523.756440                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 132523.756440                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 132523.756440                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 132523.756440                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu02.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu02.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          188                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu02.dcache.writebacks::total             188                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data         1438                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1438                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data           84                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           84                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data         1522                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1522                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data         1522                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1522                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data          612                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          612                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data            1                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            1                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data          613                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          613                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data          613                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          613                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data     68082525                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     68082525                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data       157107                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       157107                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data     68239632                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     68239632                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data     68239632                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     68239632                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.006288                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006288                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.000012                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000012                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.003445                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003445                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.003445                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003445                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 111245.955882                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 111245.955882                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data       157107                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total       157107                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 111320.769984                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 111320.769984                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 111320.769984                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 111320.769984                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu03.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu03.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu03.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu03.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu03.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu03.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu03.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu03.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu03.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu03.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu03.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu03.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu03.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu03.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu03.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu03.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu03.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu03.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu03.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu03.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu03.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu03.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu03.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu03.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu03.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu03.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu03.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu03.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu03.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu03.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu03.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu03.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu03.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu03.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu03.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu03.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu03.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu03.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu03.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu03.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu03.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu03.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu03.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu03.icache.tagsinuse              514.892215                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu03.icache.total_refs              849095571                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.sampled_refs                  516                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.avg_refs             1645534.052326                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu03.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.inst    24.892215                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.icache.occ_blocks::cpu03.inst          490                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.inst     0.039891                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::cpu03.inst     0.785256                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::total       0.825148                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.inst       135123                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        135123                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.inst       135123                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_hits::total         135123                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.inst       135123                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_hits::total        135123                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           33                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           33                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           33                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_misses::total           33                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           33                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_misses::total           33                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      5631419                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      5631419                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      5631419                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      5631419                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      5631419                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      5631419                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst       135156                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       135156                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst       135156                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_accesses::total       135156                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst       135156                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_accesses::total       135156                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000244                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000244                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000244                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000244                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000244                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000244                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 170649.060606                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 170649.060606                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 170649.060606                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 170649.060606                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 170649.060606                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 170649.060606                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu03.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            7                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            7                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            7                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           26                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           26                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           26                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           26                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           26                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           26                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      4385688                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      4385688                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      4385688                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      4385688                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      4385688                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      4385688                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000192                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000192                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000192                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000192                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000192                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000192                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 168680.307692                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 168680.307692                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 168680.307692                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 168680.307692                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 168680.307692                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 168680.307692                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu03.dcache.replacements                 1294                       # number of replacements
system.cpu03.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu03.dcache.total_refs              141325191                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.sampled_refs                 1550                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_refs             91177.542581                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.data   201.677241                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu03.data    54.322759                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.data     0.787802                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::cpu03.data     0.212198                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data       102456                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        102456                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data        82796                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        82796                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data          201                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          201                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data          167                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          167                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.data       185252                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_hits::total         185252                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.data       185252                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_hits::total        185252                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data         2895                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         2895                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data          659                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          659                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.data         3554                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_misses::total         3554                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.data         3554                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_misses::total         3554                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    383075046                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    383075046                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    115284942                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    115284942                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    498359988                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    498359988                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    498359988                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    498359988                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data       105351                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       105351                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data        83455                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        83455                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data          201                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          201                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data          167                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          167                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.data       188806                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_accesses::total       188806                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.data       188806                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_accesses::total       188806                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.027480                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.027480                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.007896                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.007896                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.018824                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.018824                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.018824                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.018824                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 132322.986528                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 132322.986528                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 174939.213961                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 174939.213961                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 140225.095104                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 140225.095104                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 140225.095104                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 140225.095104                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu03.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu03.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          590                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu03.dcache.writebacks::total             590                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data         1686                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1686                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data          574                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          574                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data         2260                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         2260                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data         2260                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         2260                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data         1209                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         1209                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data           85                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           85                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data         1294                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         1294                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data         1294                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         1294                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    143047055                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    143047055                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data     13438103                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     13438103                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    156485158                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    156485158                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    156485158                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    156485158                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.011476                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.011476                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.001019                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001019                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.006854                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006854                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.006854                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006854                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 118318.490488                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 118318.490488                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 158095.329412                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 158095.329412                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 120931.343122                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 120931.343122                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 120931.343122                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 120931.343122                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu04.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu04.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu04.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu04.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu04.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu04.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu04.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu04.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu04.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu04.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu04.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu04.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu04.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu04.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu04.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu04.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu04.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu04.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu04.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu04.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu04.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu04.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu04.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu04.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu04.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu04.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu04.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu04.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu04.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu04.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu04.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu04.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu04.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu04.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu04.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu04.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu04.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu04.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu04.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu04.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu04.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu04.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu04.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu04.icache.tagsinuse              495.817140                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu04.icache.total_refs              845323869                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.sampled_refs                  496                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.avg_refs             1704281.993952                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu04.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.inst    13.817140                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.icache.occ_blocks::cpu04.inst          482                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.inst     0.022143                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::cpu04.inst     0.772436                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::total       0.794579                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.inst       138841                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        138841                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.inst       138841                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_hits::total         138841                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.inst       138841                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_hits::total        138841                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           17                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           17                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           17                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_misses::total           17                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           17                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_misses::total           17                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      2932811                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      2932811                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      2932811                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      2932811                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      2932811                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      2932811                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst       138858                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       138858                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst       138858                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_accesses::total       138858                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst       138858                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_accesses::total       138858                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000122                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000122                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000122                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000122                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000122                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000122                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 172518.294118                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 172518.294118                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 172518.294118                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 172518.294118                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 172518.294118                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 172518.294118                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu04.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            3                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            3                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            3                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            3                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            3                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            3                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      2568145                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      2568145                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      2568145                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      2568145                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      2568145                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      2568145                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000101                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000101                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000101                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000101                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000101                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000101                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 183438.928571                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 183438.928571                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 183438.928571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 183438.928571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 183438.928571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 183438.928571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu04.dcache.replacements                  614                       # number of replacements
system.cpu04.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu04.dcache.total_refs              132975318                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.sampled_refs                  870                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_refs             152845.193103                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.data   176.329860                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu04.data    79.670140                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.data     0.688789                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::cpu04.data     0.311211                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data        95919                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         95919                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data        80776                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        80776                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data          196                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          196                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data          186                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          186                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.data       176695                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_hits::total         176695                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.data       176695                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_hits::total        176695                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data         2080                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         2080                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data           85                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           85                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.data         2165                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_misses::total         2165                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.data         2165                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_misses::total         2165                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    269986786                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    269986786                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data     11689286                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     11689286                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    281676072                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    281676072                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    281676072                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    281676072                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data        97999                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        97999                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data        80861                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        80861                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data          196                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          196                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data          186                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          186                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.data       178860                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_accesses::total       178860                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.data       178860                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_accesses::total       178860                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.021225                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021225                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.001051                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.001051                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.012104                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012104                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.012104                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012104                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 129801.339423                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 129801.339423                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 137521.011765                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 137521.011765                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 130104.421247                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 130104.421247                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 130104.421247                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 130104.421247                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu04.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu04.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          197                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu04.dcache.writebacks::total             197                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data         1467                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1467                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data           84                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           84                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data         1551                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1551                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data         1551                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1551                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data          613                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          613                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data            1                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            1                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data          614                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          614                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data          614                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          614                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data     66238631                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     66238631                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data       156848                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       156848                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data     66395479                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     66395479                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data     66395479                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     66395479                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.006255                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006255                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.000012                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000012                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.003433                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003433                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.003433                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003433                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 108056.494290                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 108056.494290                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data       156848                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total       156848                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 108135.959283                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 108135.959283                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 108135.959283                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 108135.959283                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu05.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu05.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu05.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu05.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu05.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu05.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu05.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu05.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu05.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu05.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu05.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu05.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu05.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu05.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu05.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu05.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu05.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu05.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu05.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu05.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu05.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu05.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu05.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu05.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu05.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu05.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu05.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu05.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu05.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu05.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu05.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu05.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu05.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu05.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu05.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu05.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu05.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu05.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu05.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu05.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu05.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu05.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu05.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu05.icache.tagsinuse              474.164795                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu05.icache.total_refs              847782508                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.sampled_refs                  483                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.avg_refs             1755243.287785                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu05.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.inst    19.164795                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.icache.occ_blocks::cpu05.inst          455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.inst     0.030713                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::cpu05.inst     0.729167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::total       0.759879                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.inst       141933                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        141933                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.inst       141933                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_hits::total         141933                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.inst       141933                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_hits::total        141933                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           37                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_misses::total           37                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           37                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_misses::total           37                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      5922341                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      5922341                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      5922341                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      5922341                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      5922341                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      5922341                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst       141970                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       141970                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst       141970                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_accesses::total       141970                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst       141970                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_accesses::total       141970                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000261                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000261                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000261                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000261                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000261                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000261                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 160063.270270                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 160063.270270                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 160063.270270                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 160063.270270                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 160063.270270                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 160063.270270                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu05.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            9                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           28                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           28                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           28                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           28                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           28                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           28                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      4511650                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      4511650                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      4511650                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      4511650                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      4511650                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      4511650                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000197                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000197                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000197                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000197                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000197                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000197                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 161130.357143                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 161130.357143                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 161130.357143                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 161130.357143                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 161130.357143                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 161130.357143                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu05.dcache.replacements                  447                       # number of replacements
system.cpu05.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu05.dcache.total_refs              123769708                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.sampled_refs                  703                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_refs             176059.328592                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.data   150.564304                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu05.data   105.435696                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.data     0.588142                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::cpu05.data     0.411858                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data       111304                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        111304                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data        81889                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        81889                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data          205                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          205                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data          200                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          200                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.data       193193                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_hits::total         193193                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.data       193193                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_hits::total        193193                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data         1142                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1142                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data            8                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total            8                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.data         1150                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_misses::total         1150                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.data         1150                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_misses::total         1150                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    121946594                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    121946594                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data       750408                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total       750408                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    122697002                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    122697002                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    122697002                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    122697002                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data       112446                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       112446                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data        81897                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        81897                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data          205                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          205                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data          200                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          200                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.data       194343                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_accesses::total       194343                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.data       194343                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_accesses::total       194343                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.010156                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010156                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.000098                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000098                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.005917                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005917                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.005917                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005917                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 106783.357268                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 106783.357268                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data        93801                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total        93801                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 106693.045217                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 106693.045217                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 106693.045217                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 106693.045217                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu05.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu05.dcache.writebacks::writebacks           98                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu05.dcache.writebacks::total              98                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data          698                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          698                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data            5                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data          703                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total          703                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data          703                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total          703                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data          444                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          444                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data          447                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          447                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data          447                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          447                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data     43394620                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     43394620                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data       208290                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       208290                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data     43602910                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     43602910                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data     43602910                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     43602910                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.003949                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003949                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.000037                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000037                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.002300                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002300                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.002300                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002300                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 97735.630631                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 97735.630631                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data        69430                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        69430                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 97545.659955                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 97545.659955                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 97545.659955                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 97545.659955                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu06.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu06.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu06.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu06.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu06.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu06.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu06.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu06.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu06.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu06.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu06.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu06.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu06.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu06.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu06.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu06.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu06.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu06.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu06.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu06.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu06.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu06.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu06.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu06.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu06.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu06.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu06.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu06.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu06.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu06.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu06.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu06.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu06.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu06.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu06.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu06.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu06.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu06.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu06.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu06.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu06.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu06.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu06.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu06.icache.tagsinuse              495.817408                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu06.icache.total_refs              845324156                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.sampled_refs                  496                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.avg_refs             1704282.572581                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu06.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.inst    13.817408                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.icache.occ_blocks::cpu06.inst          482                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.inst     0.022143                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::cpu06.inst     0.772436                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::total       0.794579                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.inst       139128                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        139128                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.inst       139128                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_hits::total         139128                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.inst       139128                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_hits::total        139128                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           17                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           17                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           17                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_misses::total           17                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           17                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_misses::total           17                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      2693823                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      2693823                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      2693823                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      2693823                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      2693823                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      2693823                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst       139145                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       139145                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst       139145                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_accesses::total       139145                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst       139145                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_accesses::total       139145                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000122                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000122                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000122                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000122                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000122                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000122                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 158460.176471                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 158460.176471                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 158460.176471                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 158460.176471                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 158460.176471                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 158460.176471                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu06.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            3                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            3                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            3                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            3                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            3                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            3                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      2353965                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      2353965                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      2353965                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      2353965                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      2353965                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      2353965                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000101                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000101                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000101                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000101                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000101                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000101                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 168140.357143                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 168140.357143                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 168140.357143                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 168140.357143                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 168140.357143                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 168140.357143                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu06.dcache.replacements                  610                       # number of replacements
system.cpu06.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu06.dcache.total_refs              132975012                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.sampled_refs                  866                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_refs             153550.822171                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.data   177.027514                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu06.data    78.972486                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.data     0.691514                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::cpu06.data     0.308486                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data        95623                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         95623                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data        80769                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        80769                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data          193                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          193                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data          186                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          186                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.data       176392                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_hits::total         176392                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.data       176392                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_hits::total        176392                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data         2019                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         2019                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data           85                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           85                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.data         2104                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_misses::total         2104                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.data         2104                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_misses::total         2104                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    261810468                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    261810468                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data     10095706                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     10095706                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    271906174                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    271906174                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    271906174                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    271906174                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data        97642                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        97642                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data        80854                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        80854                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data          193                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          193                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data          186                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          186                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.data       178496                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_accesses::total       178496                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.data       178496                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_accesses::total       178496                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.020678                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.020678                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.001051                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.001051                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.011787                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.011787                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.011787                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.011787                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 129673.337296                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 129673.337296                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 118773.011765                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 118773.011765                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 129232.972433                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 129232.972433                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 129232.972433                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 129232.972433                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu06.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu06.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          194                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu06.dcache.writebacks::total             194                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data         1410                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1410                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data           84                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           84                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data         1494                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1494                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data         1494                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1494                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data          609                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          609                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data            1                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            1                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data          610                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          610                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data          610                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          610                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data     65244335                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     65244335                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data       151481                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       151481                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data     65395816                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     65395816                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data     65395816                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     65395816                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.006237                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006237                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.000012                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000012                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.003417                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003417                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.003417                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003417                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 107133.555008                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 107133.555008                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data       151481                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total       151481                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 107206.255738                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 107206.255738                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 107206.255738                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 107206.255738                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu07.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu07.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu07.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu07.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu07.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu07.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu07.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu07.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu07.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu07.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu07.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu07.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu07.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu07.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu07.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu07.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu07.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu07.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu07.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu07.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu07.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu07.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu07.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu07.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu07.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu07.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu07.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu07.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu07.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu07.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu07.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu07.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu07.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu07.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu07.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu07.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu07.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu07.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu07.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu07.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu07.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu07.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu07.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu07.icache.tagsinuse              491.484041                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu07.icache.total_refs              844471259                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.sampled_refs                  505                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.avg_refs             1672220.314851                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu07.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.inst    16.484041                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.icache.occ_blocks::cpu07.inst          475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.inst     0.026417                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::cpu07.inst     0.761218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::total       0.787635                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.inst       140487                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        140487                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.inst       140487                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_hits::total         140487                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.inst       140487                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_hits::total        140487                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           36                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_misses::total           36                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           36                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_misses::total           36                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      6414316                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      6414316                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      6414316                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      6414316                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      6414316                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      6414316                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst       140523                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       140523                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst       140523                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_accesses::total       140523                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst       140523                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_accesses::total       140523                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000256                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000256                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000256                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000256                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000256                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000256                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 178175.444444                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 178175.444444                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 178175.444444                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 178175.444444                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 178175.444444                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 178175.444444                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu07.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            6                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            6                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            6                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            6                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            6                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            6                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           30                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           30                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           30                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           30                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           30                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           30                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      5269863                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5269863                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      5269863                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      5269863                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      5269863                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      5269863                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000213                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000213                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000213                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000213                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000213                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000213                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 175662.100000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 175662.100000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 175662.100000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 175662.100000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 175662.100000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 175662.100000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu07.dcache.replacements                  497                       # number of replacements
system.cpu07.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu07.dcache.total_refs              127661045                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.sampled_refs                  753                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_refs             169536.580345                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.data   154.471287                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu07.data   101.528713                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.data     0.603403                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::cpu07.data     0.396597                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data        95482                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         95482                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data        79463                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        79463                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data          193                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          193                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data          192                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          192                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.data       174945                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_hits::total         174945                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.data       174945                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_hits::total        174945                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data         1566                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1566                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data           18                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           18                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.data         1584                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_misses::total         1584                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.data         1584                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_misses::total         1584                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    198579033                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    198579033                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data      1374375                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      1374375                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    199953408                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    199953408                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    199953408                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    199953408                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data        97048                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        97048                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data        79481                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        79481                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data          193                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          193                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data          192                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          192                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.data       176529                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_accesses::total       176529                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.data       176529                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_accesses::total       176529                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.016136                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.016136                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.000226                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000226                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.008973                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008973                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.008973                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008973                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 126806.534483                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 126806.534483                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 76354.166667                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 76354.166667                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 126233.212121                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 126233.212121                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 126233.212121                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 126233.212121                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu07.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu07.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          109                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu07.dcache.writebacks::total             109                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data         1072                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1072                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data           15                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           15                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data         1087                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1087                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data         1087                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1087                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data          494                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          494                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data          497                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          497                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data          497                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          497                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data     54218081                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     54218081                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data       217535                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       217535                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data     54435616                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     54435616                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data     54435616                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     54435616                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.005090                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.005090                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.000038                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000038                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.002815                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002815                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.002815                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002815                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 109753.200405                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 109753.200405                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 72511.666667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 72511.666667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 109528.402414                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 109528.402414                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 109528.402414                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 109528.402414                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu08.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu08.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu08.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu08.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu08.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu08.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu08.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu08.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu08.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu08.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu08.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu08.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu08.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu08.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu08.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu08.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu08.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu08.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu08.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu08.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu08.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu08.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu08.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu08.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu08.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu08.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu08.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu08.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu08.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu08.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu08.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu08.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu08.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu08.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu08.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu08.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu08.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu08.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu08.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu08.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu08.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu08.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu08.icache.replacements                    2                       # number of replacements
system.cpu08.icache.tagsinuse              571.682915                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu08.icache.total_refs              868085060                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.sampled_refs                  575                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.avg_refs             1509713.147826                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu08.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.inst    30.598704                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.icache.occ_blocks::cpu08.inst   541.084211                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.inst     0.049036                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::cpu08.inst     0.867122                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::total       0.916159                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.inst       137102                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        137102                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.inst       137102                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_hits::total         137102                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.inst       137102                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_hits::total        137102                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           45                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           45                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           45                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_misses::total           45                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           45                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_misses::total           45                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      8547439                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      8547439                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      8547439                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      8547439                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      8547439                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      8547439                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst       137147                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       137147                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst       137147                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_accesses::total       137147                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst       137147                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_accesses::total       137147                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000328                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000328                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000328                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000328                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000328                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000328                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 189943.088889                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 189943.088889                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 189943.088889                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 189943.088889                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 189943.088889                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 189943.088889                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu08.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst           13                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           32                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           32                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           32                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           32                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           32                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           32                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      6472914                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6472914                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      6472914                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      6472914                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      6472914                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      6472914                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000233                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000233                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000233                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000233                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000233                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000233                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 202278.562500                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 202278.562500                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 202278.562500                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 202278.562500                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 202278.562500                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 202278.562500                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu08.dcache.replacements                  951                       # number of replacements
system.cpu08.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu08.dcache.total_refs              332278255                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.sampled_refs                 1207                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_refs             275292.671914                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.data   106.721658                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu08.data   149.278342                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.data     0.416881                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::cpu08.data     0.583119                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data       350889                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        350889                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data       191322                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       191322                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data           98                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total           98                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data           94                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total           94                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.data       542211                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_hits::total         542211                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.data       542211                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_hits::total        542211                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data         3389                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         3389                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data           10                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           10                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.data         3399                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_misses::total         3399                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.data         3399                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_misses::total         3399                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    422846786                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    422846786                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data      1242450                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      1242450                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    424089236                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    424089236                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    424089236                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    424089236                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data       354278                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       354278                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data       191332                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       191332                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data           98                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total           98                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data           94                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total           94                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.data       545610                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_accesses::total       545610                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.data       545610                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_accesses::total       545610                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.009566                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009566                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.000052                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000052                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.006230                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.006230                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.006230                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.006230                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 124770.370611                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 124770.370611                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data       124245                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total       124245                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 124768.824949                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 124768.824949                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 124768.824949                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 124768.824949                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu08.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu08.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          141                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu08.dcache.writebacks::total             141                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data         2441                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         2441                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data            7                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data         2448                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         2448                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data         2448                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         2448                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data          948                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          948                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data          951                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          951                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data          951                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          951                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    110145868                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    110145868                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data       319722                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       319722                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    110465590                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    110465590                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    110465590                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    110465590                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.002676                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002676                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.000016                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000016                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.001743                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001743                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.001743                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001743                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 116187.624473                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 116187.624473                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data       106574                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total       106574                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 116157.297581                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 116157.297581                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 116157.297581                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 116157.297581                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu09.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu09.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu09.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu09.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu09.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu09.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu09.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu09.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu09.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu09.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu09.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu09.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu09.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu09.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu09.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu09.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu09.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu09.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu09.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu09.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu09.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu09.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu09.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu09.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu09.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu09.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu09.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu09.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu09.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu09.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu09.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu09.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu09.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu09.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu09.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu09.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu09.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu09.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu09.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu09.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu09.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu09.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu09.icache.replacements                    1                       # number of replacements
system.cpu09.icache.tagsinuse              571.405266                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu09.icache.total_refs              868085083                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.sampled_refs                  574                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.avg_refs             1512343.350174                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu09.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.inst    29.363749                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.icache.occ_blocks::cpu09.inst   542.041516                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.inst     0.047057                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::cpu09.inst     0.868656                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::total       0.915714                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.inst       137125                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        137125                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.inst       137125                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_hits::total         137125                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.inst       137125                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_hits::total        137125                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           43                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           43                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           43                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_misses::total           43                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           43                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_misses::total           43                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      7214069                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      7214069                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      7214069                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      7214069                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      7214069                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      7214069                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst       137168                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       137168                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst       137168                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_accesses::total       137168                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst       137168                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_accesses::total       137168                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000313                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000313                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000313                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000313                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000313                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000313                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 167769.046512                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 167769.046512                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 167769.046512                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 167769.046512                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 167769.046512                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 167769.046512                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu09.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst           12                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst           12                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst           12                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           31                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           31                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           31                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           31                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           31                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           31                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      5498549                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5498549                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      5498549                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      5498549                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      5498549                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      5498549                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000226                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000226                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000226                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000226                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000226                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000226                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 177372.548387                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 177372.548387                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 177372.548387                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 177372.548387                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 177372.548387                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 177372.548387                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu09.dcache.replacements                  954                       # number of replacements
system.cpu09.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu09.dcache.total_refs              332278302                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.sampled_refs                 1210                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_refs             274610.166942                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.data   106.791633                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu09.data   149.208367                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.data     0.417155                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::cpu09.data     0.582845                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data       350903                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        350903                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data       191342                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       191342                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data          110                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          110                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data           95                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total           95                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.data       542245                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_hits::total         542245                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.data       542245                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_hits::total        542245                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data         3380                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         3380                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data           10                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           10                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.data         3390                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_misses::total         3390                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.data         3390                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_misses::total         3390                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    419447070                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    419447070                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data      1297334                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      1297334                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    420744404                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    420744404                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    420744404                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    420744404                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data       354283                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       354283                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data       191352                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       191352                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data          110                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          110                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data           95                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total           95                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.data       545635                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_accesses::total       545635                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.data       545635                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_accesses::total       545635                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.009540                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009540                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.000052                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000052                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.006213                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.006213                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.006213                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.006213                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 124096.766272                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 124096.766272                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 129733.400000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 129733.400000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 124113.393510                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 124113.393510                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 124113.393510                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 124113.393510                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu09.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu09.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          151                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu09.dcache.writebacks::total             151                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data         2429                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         2429                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data            7                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data         2436                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         2436                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data         2436                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         2436                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data          951                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          951                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data          954                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          954                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data          954                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          954                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    110276786                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    110276786                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data       386878                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       386878                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    110663664                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    110663664                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    110663664                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    110663664                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.002684                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002684                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.000016                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000016                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.001748                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001748                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.001748                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001748                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 115958.765510                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 115958.765510                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 128959.333333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 128959.333333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 115999.647799                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 115999.647799                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 115999.647799                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 115999.647799                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu10.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu10.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu10.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu10.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu10.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu10.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu10.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu10.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu10.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu10.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu10.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu10.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu10.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu10.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu10.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu10.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu10.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu10.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu10.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu10.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu10.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu10.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu10.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu10.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu10.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu10.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu10.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu10.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu10.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu10.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu10.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu10.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu10.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu10.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu10.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu10.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu10.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu10.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu10.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu10.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu10.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu10.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu10.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu10.icache.tagsinuse              491.355327                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu10.icache.total_refs              844471401                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.sampled_refs                  504                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.avg_refs             1675538.494048                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu10.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.inst    16.355327                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.icache.occ_blocks::cpu10.inst          475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.inst     0.026210                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::cpu10.inst     0.761218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::total       0.787428                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.inst       140629                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        140629                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.inst       140629                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_hits::total         140629                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.inst       140629                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_hits::total        140629                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           34                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_misses::total           34                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           34                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_misses::total           34                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      5718203                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      5718203                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      5718203                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      5718203                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      5718203                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      5718203                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst       140663                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       140663                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst       140663                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_accesses::total       140663                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst       140663                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_accesses::total       140663                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000242                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000242                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000242                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000242                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000242                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000242                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 168182.441176                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 168182.441176                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 168182.441176                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 168182.441176                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 168182.441176                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 168182.441176                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu10.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            5                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            5                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            5                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           29                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           29                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           29                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           29                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           29                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           29                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      4868953                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      4868953                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      4868953                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      4868953                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      4868953                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      4868953                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000206                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000206                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000206                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000206                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000206                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000206                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 167894.931034                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 167894.931034                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 167894.931034                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 167894.931034                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 167894.931034                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 167894.931034                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu10.dcache.replacements                  495                       # number of replacements
system.cpu10.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu10.dcache.total_refs              127661442                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.sampled_refs                  751                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_refs             169988.604527                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.data   154.501857                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu10.data   101.498143                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.data     0.603523                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::cpu10.data     0.396477                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data        95556                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         95556                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data        79786                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        79786                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data          193                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          193                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data          192                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          192                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.data       175342                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_hits::total         175342                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.data       175342                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_hits::total        175342                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data         1566                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1566                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data           16                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           16                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.data         1582                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_misses::total         1582                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.data         1582                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_misses::total         1582                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    194759007                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    194759007                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data      1327812                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      1327812                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    196086819                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    196086819                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    196086819                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    196086819                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data        97122                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        97122                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data        79802                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        79802                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data          193                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          193                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data          192                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          192                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.data       176924                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_accesses::total       176924                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.data       176924                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_accesses::total       176924                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.016124                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.016124                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.000200                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000200                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.008942                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008942                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.008942                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008942                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 124367.181992                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 124367.181992                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 82988.250000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 82988.250000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 123948.684576                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 123948.684576                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 123948.684576                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 123948.684576                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu10.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu10.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          109                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu10.dcache.writebacks::total             109                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data         1074                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1074                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data           13                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data         1087                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1087                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data         1087                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1087                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data          492                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          492                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data          495                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          495                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data          495                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          495                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data     51839309                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     51839309                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data       200677                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       200677                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data     52039986                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     52039986                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data     52039986                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     52039986                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.005066                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.005066                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.000038                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000038                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.002798                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002798                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.002798                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002798                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 105364.449187                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 105364.449187                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 66892.333333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 66892.333333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 105131.284848                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 105131.284848                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 105131.284848                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 105131.284848                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu11.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu11.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu11.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu11.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu11.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu11.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu11.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu11.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu11.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu11.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu11.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu11.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu11.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu11.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu11.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu11.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu11.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu11.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu11.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu11.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu11.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu11.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu11.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu11.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu11.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu11.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu11.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu11.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu11.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu11.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu11.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu11.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu11.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu11.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu11.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu11.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu11.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu11.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu11.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu11.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu11.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu11.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu11.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu11.icache.tagsinuse              514.882657                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu11.icache.total_refs              849095226                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.sampled_refs                  516                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.avg_refs             1645533.383721                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu11.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.inst    24.882657                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.icache.occ_blocks::cpu11.inst          490                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.inst     0.039876                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::cpu11.inst     0.785256                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::total       0.825132                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.inst       134778                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        134778                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.inst       134778                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_hits::total         134778                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.inst       134778                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_hits::total        134778                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           34                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_misses::total           34                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           34                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_misses::total           34                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      5465536                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      5465536                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      5465536                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      5465536                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      5465536                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      5465536                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst       134812                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       134812                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst       134812                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_accesses::total       134812                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst       134812                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_accesses::total       134812                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000252                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000252                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000252                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000252                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000252                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000252                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 160751.058824                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 160751.058824                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 160751.058824                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 160751.058824                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 160751.058824                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 160751.058824                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu11.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            8                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            8                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            8                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           26                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           26                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           26                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           26                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           26                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           26                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      4278142                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      4278142                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      4278142                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      4278142                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      4278142                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      4278142                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000193                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000193                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000193                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000193                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000193                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000193                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 164543.923077                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 164543.923077                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 164543.923077                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 164543.923077                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 164543.923077                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 164543.923077                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu11.dcache.replacements                 1281                       # number of replacements
system.cpu11.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu11.dcache.total_refs              141324687                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.sampled_refs                 1537                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_refs             91948.397528                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.data   201.319438                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu11.data    54.680562                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.data     0.786404                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::cpu11.data     0.213596                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data       102176                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        102176                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data        82547                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        82547                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data          226                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          226                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data          167                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          167                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.data       184723                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_hits::total         184723                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.data       184723                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_hits::total        184723                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data         2835                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         2835                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data          666                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          666                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.data         3501                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_misses::total         3501                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.data         3501                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_misses::total         3501                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    379055503                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    379055503                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    119409908                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    119409908                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    498465411                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    498465411                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    498465411                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    498465411                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data       105011                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       105011                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data        83213                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        83213                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data          226                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          226                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data          167                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          167                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.data       188224                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_accesses::total       188224                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.data       188224                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_accesses::total       188224                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.026997                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.026997                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.008004                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.008004                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.018600                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.018600                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.018600                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.018600                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 133705.644797                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 133705.644797                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 179294.156156                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 179294.156156                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 142378.009426                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 142378.009426                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 142378.009426                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 142378.009426                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu11.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu11.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          586                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu11.dcache.writebacks::total             586                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data         1645                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1645                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data          575                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          575                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data         2220                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         2220                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data         2220                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         2220                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data         1190                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         1190                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data           91                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           91                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data         1281                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         1281                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data         1281                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         1281                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    141479171                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    141479171                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data     14471413                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     14471413                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    155950584                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    155950584                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    155950584                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    155950584                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.011332                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.011332                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.001094                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001094                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.006806                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006806                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.006806                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006806                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 118890.059664                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 118890.059664                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 159026.516484                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 159026.516484                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 121741.283372                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 121741.283372                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 121741.283372                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 121741.283372                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu12.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu12.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu12.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu12.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu12.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu12.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu12.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu12.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu12.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu12.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu12.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu12.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu12.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu12.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu12.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu12.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu12.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu12.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu12.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu12.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu12.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu12.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu12.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu12.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu12.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu12.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu12.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu12.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu12.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu12.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu12.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu12.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu12.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu12.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu12.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu12.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu12.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu12.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu12.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu12.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu12.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu12.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu12.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu12.icache.tagsinuse              491.493781                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu12.icache.total_refs              844471375                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.sampled_refs                  505                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.avg_refs             1672220.544554                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu12.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.inst    16.493781                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.icache.occ_blocks::cpu12.inst          475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.inst     0.026432                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::cpu12.inst     0.761218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::total       0.787650                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.inst       140603                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        140603                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.inst       140603                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_hits::total         140603                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.inst       140603                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_hits::total        140603                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           36                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_misses::total           36                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           36                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_misses::total           36                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      6654983                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      6654983                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      6654983                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      6654983                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      6654983                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      6654983                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst       140639                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       140639                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst       140639                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_accesses::total       140639                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst       140639                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_accesses::total       140639                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000256                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000256                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000256                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000256                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000256                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000256                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 184860.638889                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 184860.638889                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 184860.638889                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 184860.638889                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 184860.638889                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 184860.638889                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu12.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            6                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            6                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            6                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            6                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            6                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            6                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           30                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           30                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           30                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           30                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           30                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           30                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      5621808                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5621808                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      5621808                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      5621808                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      5621808                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      5621808                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000213                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000213                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000213                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000213                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000213                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000213                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 187393.600000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 187393.600000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 187393.600000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 187393.600000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 187393.600000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 187393.600000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu12.dcache.replacements                  497                       # number of replacements
system.cpu12.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu12.dcache.total_refs              127661083                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.sampled_refs                  753                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_refs             169536.630810                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.data   154.421150                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu12.data   101.578850                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.data     0.603208                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::cpu12.data     0.396792                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data        95487                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         95487                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data        79496                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        79496                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data          193                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          193                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data          192                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          192                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.data       174983                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_hits::total         174983                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.data       174983                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_hits::total        174983                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data         1568                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1568                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data           15                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           15                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.data         1583                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_misses::total         1583                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.data         1583                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_misses::total         1583                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    198167889                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    198167889                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data      1812877                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      1812877                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    199980766                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    199980766                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    199980766                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    199980766                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data        97055                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        97055                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data        79511                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        79511                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data          193                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          193                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data          192                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          192                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.data       176566                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_accesses::total       176566                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.data       176566                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_accesses::total       176566                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.016156                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.016156                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.000189                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000189                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.008965                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008965                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.008965                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008965                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 126382.582270                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 126382.582270                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 120858.466667                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 120858.466667                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 126330.237524                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 126330.237524                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 126330.237524                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 126330.237524                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu12.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu12.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          109                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu12.dcache.writebacks::total             109                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data         1074                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1074                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data           12                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data         1086                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1086                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data         1086                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1086                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data          494                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          494                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data          497                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          497                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data          497                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          497                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data     53255643                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     53255643                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data       289116                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       289116                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data     53544759                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     53544759                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data     53544759                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     53544759                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.005090                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.005090                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.000038                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000038                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.002815                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002815                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.002815                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002815                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 107804.945344                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 107804.945344                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data        96372                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        96372                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 107735.933602                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 107735.933602                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 107735.933602                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 107735.933602                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu13.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu13.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu13.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu13.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu13.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu13.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu13.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu13.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu13.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu13.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu13.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu13.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu13.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu13.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu13.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu13.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu13.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu13.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu13.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu13.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu13.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu13.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu13.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu13.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu13.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu13.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu13.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu13.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu13.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu13.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu13.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu13.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu13.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu13.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu13.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu13.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu13.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu13.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu13.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu13.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu13.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu13.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu13.icache.replacements                    1                       # number of replacements
system.cpu13.icache.tagsinuse              570.807119                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu13.icache.total_refs              868085229                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.sampled_refs                  573                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.avg_refs             1514982.947644                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu13.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.inst    28.765773                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.icache.occ_blocks::cpu13.inst   542.041347                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.inst     0.046099                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::cpu13.inst     0.868656                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::total       0.914755                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.inst       137271                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        137271                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.inst       137271                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_hits::total         137271                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.inst       137271                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_hits::total        137271                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           43                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           43                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           43                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_misses::total           43                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           43                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_misses::total           43                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      7513390                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      7513390                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      7513390                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      7513390                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      7513390                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      7513390                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst       137314                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       137314                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst       137314                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_accesses::total       137314                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst       137314                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_accesses::total       137314                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000313                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000313                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000313                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000313                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000313                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000313                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst       174730                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total       174730                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst       174730                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total       174730                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst       174730                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total       174730                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu13.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst           13                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           30                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           30                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           30                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           30                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           30                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           30                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      5657050                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5657050                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      5657050                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      5657050                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      5657050                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      5657050                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000218                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000218                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000218                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000218                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000218                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000218                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 188568.333333                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 188568.333333                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 188568.333333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 188568.333333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 188568.333333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 188568.333333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu13.dcache.replacements                  950                       # number of replacements
system.cpu13.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu13.dcache.total_refs              332277225                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.sampled_refs                 1206                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_refs             275520.087065                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.data   106.650933                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu13.data   149.349067                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.data     0.416605                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::cpu13.data     0.583395                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data       350227                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        350227                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data       190954                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       190954                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data           98                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total           98                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data           94                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total           94                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.data       541181                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_hits::total         541181                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.data       541181                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_hits::total        541181                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data         3360                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         3360                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data            8                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total            8                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.data         3368                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_misses::total         3368                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.data         3368                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_misses::total         3368                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    424036318                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    424036318                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data       686106                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total       686106                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    424722424                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    424722424                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    424722424                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    424722424                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data       353587                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       353587                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data       190962                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       190962                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data           98                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total           98                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data           94                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total           94                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.data       544549                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_accesses::total       544549                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.data       544549                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_accesses::total       544549                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.009503                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009503                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.000042                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000042                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.006185                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.006185                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.006185                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.006185                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 126201.285119                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 126201.285119                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 85763.250000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 85763.250000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 126105.232779                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 126105.232779                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 126105.232779                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 126105.232779                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu13.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu13.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          157                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu13.dcache.writebacks::total             157                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data         2413                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         2413                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data            5                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data         2418                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         2418                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data         2418                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         2418                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data          947                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          947                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data          950                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          950                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data          950                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          950                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    110446313                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    110446313                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data       214143                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       214143                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    110660456                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    110660456                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    110660456                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    110660456                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.002678                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002678                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.000016                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000016                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.001745                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001745                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.001745                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001745                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 116627.574446                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 116627.574446                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data        71381                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        71381                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 116484.690526                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 116484.690526                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 116484.690526                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 116484.690526                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu14.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu14.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu14.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu14.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu14.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu14.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu14.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu14.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu14.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu14.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu14.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu14.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu14.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu14.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu14.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu14.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu14.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu14.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu14.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu14.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu14.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu14.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu14.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu14.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu14.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu14.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu14.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu14.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu14.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu14.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu14.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu14.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu14.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu14.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu14.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu14.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu14.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu14.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu14.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu14.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu14.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu14.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu14.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu14.icache.tagsinuse              490.964905                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu14.icache.total_refs              844471301                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.sampled_refs                  502                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.avg_refs             1682213.747012                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu14.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.inst    15.964905                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.icache.occ_blocks::cpu14.inst          475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.inst     0.025585                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::cpu14.inst     0.761218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::total       0.786803                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.inst       140529                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        140529                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.inst       140529                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_hits::total         140529                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.inst       140529                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_hits::total        140529                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           33                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           33                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           33                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_misses::total           33                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           33                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_misses::total           33                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      5400020                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      5400020                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      5400020                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      5400020                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      5400020                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      5400020                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst       140562                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       140562                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst       140562                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_accesses::total       140562                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst       140562                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_accesses::total       140562                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000235                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000235                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000235                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000235                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000235                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000235                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 163636.969697                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 163636.969697                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 163636.969697                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 163636.969697                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 163636.969697                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 163636.969697                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu14.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            6                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            6                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            6                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            6                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            6                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            6                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           27                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           27                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           27                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           27                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      4587029                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      4587029                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      4587029                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      4587029                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      4587029                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      4587029                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000192                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000192                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000192                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000192                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000192                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000192                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 169889.962963                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 169889.962963                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 169889.962963                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 169889.962963                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 169889.962963                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 169889.962963                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu14.dcache.replacements                  493                       # number of replacements
system.cpu14.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu14.dcache.total_refs              127660979                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.sampled_refs                  749                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_refs             170441.894526                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.data   154.419882                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu14.data   101.580118                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.data     0.603203                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::cpu14.data     0.396797                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data        95401                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         95401                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data        79467                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        79467                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data          203                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          203                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data          193                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          193                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.data       174868                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_hits::total         174868                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.data       174868                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_hits::total        174868                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data         1553                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1553                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data           14                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           14                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.data         1567                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_misses::total         1567                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.data         1567                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_misses::total         1567                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    196308014                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    196308014                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data      1251312                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      1251312                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    197559326                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    197559326                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    197559326                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    197559326                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data        96954                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        96954                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data        79481                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        79481                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data          203                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          203                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data          193                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          193                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.data       176435                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_accesses::total       176435                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.data       176435                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_accesses::total       176435                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.016018                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.016018                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.000176                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000176                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.008881                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008881                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.008881                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008881                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 126405.675467                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 126405.675467                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 89379.428571                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 89379.428571                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 126074.873006                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 126074.873006                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 126074.873006                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 126074.873006                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu14.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu14.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          108                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu14.dcache.writebacks::total             108                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data         1063                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1063                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data           11                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data         1074                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1074                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data         1074                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1074                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data          490                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          490                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data          493                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          493                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data          493                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          493                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data     53275190                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     53275190                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data       215105                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       215105                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data     53490295                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     53490295                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data     53490295                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     53490295                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.005054                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.005054                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.000038                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000038                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.002794                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002794                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.002794                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002794                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 108724.877551                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 108724.877551                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 71701.666667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 71701.666667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 108499.584178                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 108499.584178                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 108499.584178                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 108499.584178                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu15.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu15.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu15.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu15.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu15.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu15.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu15.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu15.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu15.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu15.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu15.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu15.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu15.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu15.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu15.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu15.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu15.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu15.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu15.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu15.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu15.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu15.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu15.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu15.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu15.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu15.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu15.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu15.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu15.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu15.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu15.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu15.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu15.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu15.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu15.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu15.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu15.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu15.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu15.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu15.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu15.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu15.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu15.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu15.icache.tagsinuse              513.942281                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu15.icache.total_refs              849095112                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.sampled_refs                  515                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.avg_refs             1648728.372816                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu15.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.inst    23.942281                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.icache.occ_blocks::cpu15.inst          490                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.inst     0.038369                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::cpu15.inst     0.785256                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::total       0.823625                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.inst       134664                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        134664                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.inst       134664                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_hits::total         134664                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.inst       134664                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_hits::total        134664                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           33                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           33                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           33                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_misses::total           33                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           33                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_misses::total           33                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      5289965                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      5289965                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      5289965                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      5289965                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      5289965                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      5289965                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst       134697                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       134697                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst       134697                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_accesses::total       134697                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst       134697                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_accesses::total       134697                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000245                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000245                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000245                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000245                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000245                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000245                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 160301.969697                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 160301.969697                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 160301.969697                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 160301.969697                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 160301.969697                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 160301.969697                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu15.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            8                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            8                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            8                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           25                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           25                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           25                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           25                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           25                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           25                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      4137248                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      4137248                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      4137248                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      4137248                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      4137248                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      4137248                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000186                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000186                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000186                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000186                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000186                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000186                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 165489.920000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 165489.920000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 165489.920000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 165489.920000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 165489.920000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 165489.920000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu15.dcache.replacements                 1301                       # number of replacements
system.cpu15.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu15.dcache.total_refs              141324503                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.sampled_refs                 1557                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_refs             90767.182402                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.data   201.342633                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu15.data    54.657367                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.data     0.786495                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::cpu15.data     0.213505                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data       102085                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        102085                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data        82477                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        82477                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data          203                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          203                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data          167                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          167                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.data       184562                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_hits::total         184562                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.data       184562                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_hits::total        184562                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data         2903                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         2903                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data          669                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          669                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.data         3572                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_misses::total         3572                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.data         3572                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_misses::total         3572                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    389627170                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    389627170                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    117597255                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    117597255                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    507224425                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    507224425                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    507224425                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    507224425                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data       104988                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       104988                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data        83146                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        83146                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data          203                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          203                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data          167                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          167                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.data       188134                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_accesses::total       188134                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.data       188134                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_accesses::total       188134                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.027651                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.027651                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.008046                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.008046                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.018986                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.018986                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.018986                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.018986                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 134215.353083                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 134215.353083                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 175780.650224                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 175780.650224                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 142000.118981                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 142000.118981                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 142000.118981                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 142000.118981                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu15.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu15.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          583                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu15.dcache.writebacks::total             583                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data         1691                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1691                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data          580                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          580                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data         2271                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         2271                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data         2271                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         2271                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data         1212                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         1212                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data           89                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           89                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data         1301                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         1301                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data         1301                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         1301                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    145037050                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    145037050                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data     13966479                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     13966479                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    159003529                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    159003529                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    159003529                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    159003529                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.011544                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.011544                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.001070                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001070                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.006915                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006915                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.006915                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006915                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 119667.533003                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 119667.533003                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 156926.730337                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 156926.730337                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 122216.394312                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 122216.394312                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 122216.394312                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 122216.394312                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
