
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.010160                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 10160370549                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               536347355313                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 302145                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   378007                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                                 188414                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                               67600940                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                 53925.66                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                 16293342604                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                   20384290736                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus00.inst         4864                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus00.data       135168                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus01.inst         4352                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus01.data       380800                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus02.inst         4480                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus02.data       361728                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus03.inst         5248                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus03.data       169216                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus04.inst         4096                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus04.data       380800                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus05.inst         4864                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus05.data       171648                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus06.inst         5120                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus06.data       169984                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus07.inst         4608                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus07.data       139520                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus08.inst         4736                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus08.data       140544                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus09.inst         4352                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus09.data       383616                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus10.inst         4480                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus10.data       362112                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus11.inst         4864                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus11.data       169856                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus12.inst         4608                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus12.data       381824                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus13.inst         4352                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus13.data       227712                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus14.inst         4608                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus14.data       385792                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus15.inst         4352                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus15.data       360576                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::total              4394880                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus00.inst         4864                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus01.inst         4352                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus02.inst         4480                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus03.inst         5248                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus04.inst         4096                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus05.inst         4864                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus06.inst         5120                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus07.inst         4608                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus08.inst         4736                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus09.inst         4352                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus10.inst         4480                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus11.inst         4864                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus12.inst         4608                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus13.inst         4352                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus14.inst         4608                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus15.inst         4352                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total           73984                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks      1192832                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::total           1192832                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus00.inst           38                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus00.data         1056                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus01.inst           34                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus01.data         2975                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus02.inst           35                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus02.data         2826                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus03.inst           41                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus03.data         1322                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus04.inst           32                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus04.data         2975                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus05.inst           38                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus05.data         1341                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus06.inst           40                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus06.data         1328                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus07.inst           36                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus07.data         1090                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus08.inst           37                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus08.data         1098                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus09.inst           34                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus09.data         2997                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus10.inst           35                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus10.data         2829                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus11.inst           38                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus11.data         1327                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus12.inst           36                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus12.data         2983                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus13.inst           34                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus13.data         1779                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus14.inst           36                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus14.data         3014                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus15.inst           34                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus15.data         2817                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::total                 34335                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::writebacks            9319                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::functional               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::interrupt                0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::total                 9319                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus00.inst       478723                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus00.data     13303452                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus01.inst       428331                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus01.data     37478948                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus02.inst       440929                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus02.data     35601851                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus03.inst       516517                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus03.data     16654511                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus04.inst       403135                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus04.data     37478948                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus05.inst       478723                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus05.data     16893872                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus06.inst       503919                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus06.data     16730098                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus07.inst       453527                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus07.data     13731783                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus08.inst       466125                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus08.data     13832566                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus09.inst       428331                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus09.data     37756103                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus10.inst       440929                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus10.data     35639645                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus11.inst       478723                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus11.data     16717501                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus12.inst       453527                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus12.data     37579732                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus13.inst       428331                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus13.data     22411781                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus14.inst       453527                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus14.data     37970269                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus15.inst       428331                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus15.data     35488469                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::total               432551153                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus00.inst       478723                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus01.inst       428331                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus02.inst       440929                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus03.inst       516517                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus04.inst       403135                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus05.inst       478723                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus06.inst       503919                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus07.inst       453527                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus08.inst       466125                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus09.inst       428331                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus10.inst       440929                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus11.inst       478723                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus12.inst       453527                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus13.inst       428331                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus14.inst       453527                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus15.inst       428331                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::total            7281624                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::writebacks         117400443                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::total              117400443                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::writebacks         117400443                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus00.inst       478723                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus00.data     13303452                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus01.inst       428331                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus01.data     37478948                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus02.inst       440929                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus02.data     35601851                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus03.inst       516517                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus03.data     16654511                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus04.inst       403135                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus04.data     37478948                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus05.inst       478723                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus05.data     16893872                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus06.inst       503919                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus06.data     16730098                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus07.inst       453527                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus07.data     13731783                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus08.inst       466125                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus08.data     13832566                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus09.inst       428331                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus09.data     37756103                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus10.inst       440929                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus10.data     35639645                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus11.inst       478723                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus11.data     16717501                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus12.inst       453527                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus12.data     37579732                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus13.inst       428331                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus13.data     22411781                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus14.inst       453527                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus14.data     37970269                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus15.inst       428331                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus15.data     35488469                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::total              549951596                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus00.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus00.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.workload.num_syscalls                  6                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus00.numCycles               24365398                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus00.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus00.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.lookups        2208156                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1838888                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       201878                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       847662                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBHits         808089                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.usedRAS         237364                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         9416                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.icacheStallCycles     19217127                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Insts             12111638                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Branches           2208156                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.predictedBranches      1045453                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Cycles             2525338                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.SquashCycles        562277                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.BlockedCycles       638985                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.CacheLines         1194153                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.IcacheSquashes       192862                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::samples     22740001                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.654643                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.029813                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::0       20214663     88.89%     88.89% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::1         154563      0.68%     89.57% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::2         196876      0.87%     90.44% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::3         310103      1.36%     91.80% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::4         130144      0.57%     92.38% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::5         167694      0.74%     93.11% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::6         194852      0.86%     93.97% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::7          89047      0.39%     94.36% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::8        1282059      5.64%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::total     22740001                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.branchRate        0.090627                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rate              0.497084                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.decode.IdleCycles       19103542                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BlockedCycles       763731                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus00.decode.RunCycles         2513195                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus00.decode.UnblockCycles         1266                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.decode.SquashCycles       358265                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BranchResolved       335445                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BranchMispred          286                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus00.decode.DecodedInsts     14803708                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus00.decode.SquashedInsts         1628                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus00.rename.SquashCycles       358265                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.rename.IdleCycles       19123489                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus00.rename.BlockCycles         62307                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus00.rename.serializeStallCycles       646604                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RunCycles         2494467                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus00.rename.UnblockCycles        54865                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenamedInsts     14711689                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus00.rename.ROBFullEvents           20                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.IQFullEvents         7832                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.LSQFullEvents        38193                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenamedOperands     20549449                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenameLookups     68415440                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus00.rename.int_rename_lookups     68415440                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus00.rename.CommittedMaps     17188036                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.UndoneMaps        3361399                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus00.rename.serializingInsts         3561                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.tempSerializingInsts         1855                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.skidInsts          193280                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.insertedLoads      1379255                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.insertedStores       720015                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.conflictingLoads         7905                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.conflictingStores       163369                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqInstsAdded         14363890                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3577                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqInstsIssued        13777298                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        13126                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1749001                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      3566213                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          132                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     22740001                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.605862                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.326610                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     16900764     74.32%     74.32% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2663609     11.71%     86.04% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1089045      4.79%     90.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       611416      2.69%     93.51% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       825668      3.63%     97.14% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       254274      1.12%     98.26% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       250018      1.10%     99.36% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       134455      0.59%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        10752      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     22740001                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         94377     78.89%     78.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     78.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     78.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     78.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::MemRead        12909     10.79%     89.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        12347     10.32%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     11606076     84.24%     84.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       188461      1.37%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1705      0.01%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1263511      9.17%     94.79% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       717545      5.21%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::total     13777298                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.rate                 0.565445                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_busy_cnt            119633                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.008683                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     50427356                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     16116554                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     13417902                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_alu_accesses     13896931                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        10014                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       261913                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           10                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           90                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         9794                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewSquashCycles       358265                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewBlockCycles         47588                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewUnblockCycles         6044                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     14367475                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        11508                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1379255                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       720015                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         1856                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewIQFullEvents         5271                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            8                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus00.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           90                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus00.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       119111                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus00.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       113632                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus00.iew.branchMispredicts       232743                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecutedInsts     13537493                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1243153                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       239805                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_nop                   8                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_refs            1960601                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_branches        1914252                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_stores           717448                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_rate           0.555603                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_sent             13417988                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_count            13417902                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_producers         8043096                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_consumers        21597480                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_rate             0.550695                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_fanout           0.372409                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitCommittedInsts     10000003                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitCommittedOps     12322356                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2045165                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         3445                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus00.commit.branchMispredicts       203386                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     22381736                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.550554                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.370745                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     17164910     76.69%     76.69% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2644635     11.82%     88.51% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       959847      4.29%     92.80% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       478357      2.14%     94.93% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       436830      1.95%     96.89% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       183677      0.82%     97.71% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       181893      0.81%     98.52% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        86803      0.39%     98.91% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       244784      1.09%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     22381736                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committedInsts     10000003                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committedOps     12322356                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.refs              1827560                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.loads             1117339                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.membars              1718                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.branches          1785946                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.int_insts        11094269                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.function_calls       254460                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.bw_lim_events       244784                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus00.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus00.rob.rob_reads           36504395                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus00.rob.rob_writes          29093334                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus00.timesIdled                293270                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus00.idleCycles               1625397                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus00.committedInsts          10000003                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.committedOps            12322356                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.committedInsts_total     10000003                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.cpi                     2.436539                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus00.cpi_total               2.436539                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus00.ipc                     0.410418                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus00.ipc_total               0.410418                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus00.int_regfile_reads       60912669                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus00.int_regfile_writes      18752279                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus00.misc_regfile_reads      13691655                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus00.misc_regfile_writes         3442                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus01.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus01.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.workload.num_syscalls                  2                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus01.numCycles               24365398                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus01.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus01.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.lookups        1898687                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1712822                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       101574                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       718927                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBHits         675990                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.usedRAS         104785                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         4486                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.icacheStallCycles     20132558                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Insts             11950796                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Branches           1898687                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.predictedBranches       780775                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Cycles             2361377                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.SquashCycles        318573                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.BlockedCycles       451448                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.CacheLines         1157288                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.IcacheSquashes       101909                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::samples     23159896                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.605400                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.934106                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::0       20798519     89.80%     89.80% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::1          83667      0.36%     90.17% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::2         171868      0.74%     90.91% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::3          72382      0.31%     91.22% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::4         391421      1.69%     92.91% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::5         349288      1.51%     94.42% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::6          67874      0.29%     94.71% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::7         141935      0.61%     95.32% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::8        1082942      4.68%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::total     23159896                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.branchRate        0.077926                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rate              0.490482                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.decode.IdleCycles       20019037                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BlockedCycles       566436                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus01.decode.RunCycles         2352754                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus01.decode.UnblockCycles         7389                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.decode.SquashCycles       214275                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BranchResolved       166905                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BranchMispred          238                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus01.decode.DecodedInsts     14012181                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus01.decode.SquashedInsts         1445                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus01.rename.SquashCycles       214275                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.rename.IdleCycles       20040295                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus01.rename.BlockCycles        397406                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus01.rename.serializeStallCycles       103961                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RunCycles         2340229                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus01.rename.UnblockCycles        63725                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenamedInsts     14004236                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus01.rename.ROBFullEvents           10                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.IQFullEvents        26350                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.LSQFullEvents        23419                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.FullRegisterEvents          522                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenamedOperands     16449730                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenameLookups     65958356                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus01.rename.int_rename_lookups     65958356                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus01.rename.CommittedMaps     14565690                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.UndoneMaps        1884040                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus01.rename.serializingInsts         1634                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.tempSerializingInsts          831                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.skidInsts          163554                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.insertedLoads      3302969                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.insertedStores      1669905                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.conflictingLoads        15214                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.conflictingStores        80995                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqInstsAdded         13975114                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         1639                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqInstsIssued        13430886                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         7309                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1090828                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      2616258                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           21                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     23159896                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.579920                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.377727                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     18391034     79.41%     79.41% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      1426132      6.16%     85.57% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1172982      5.06%     90.63% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       504896      2.18%     92.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       643104      2.78%     95.59% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       621982      2.69%     98.27% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       354130      1.53%     99.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        28092      0.12%     99.92% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        17544      0.08%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     23159896                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         34008     11.08%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::MemRead       265128     86.41%     97.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         7676      2.50%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      8426292     62.74%     62.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       117451      0.87%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          803      0.01%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      3220578     23.98%     87.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      1665762     12.40%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::total     13430886                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.rate                 0.551228                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_busy_cnt            306812                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.022844                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     50335789                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     15067934                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     13314884                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_alu_accesses     13737698                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        24355                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       129542                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           56                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          354                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        10803                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         1194                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewSquashCycles       214275                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewBlockCycles        362418                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewUnblockCycles        17273                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     13976763                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          192                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      3302969                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      1669905                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          831                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewIQFullEvents        11751                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            9                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus01.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          354                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus01.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        58524                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus01.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        60041                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus01.iew.branchMispredicts       118565                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecutedInsts     13336305                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      3209356                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        94581                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_nop                  10                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_refs            4874958                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_branches        1746276                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_stores          1665602                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_rate           0.547346                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_sent             13315420                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_count            13314884                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_producers         7191051                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_consumers        14167684                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_rate             0.546467                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_fanout           0.507567                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitCommittedInsts     10811314                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitCommittedOps     12704545                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitSquashedInsts      1273577                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         1618                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus01.commit.branchMispredicts       103567                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     22945621                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.553681                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.377399                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     18340913     79.93%     79.93% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      1678384      7.31%     87.25% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       788453      3.44%     90.68% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       779555      3.40%     94.08% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       211941      0.92%     95.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       907950      3.96%     98.96% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        67500      0.29%     99.26% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        49324      0.21%     99.47% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       121601      0.53%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     22945621                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committedInsts     10811314                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committedOps     12704545                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.refs              4832529                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.loads             3173427                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.membars               808                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.branches          1677164                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.int_insts        11297696                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.function_calls       122932                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.bw_lim_events       121601                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus01.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus01.rob.rob_reads           36802116                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus01.rob.rob_writes          28170564                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus01.timesIdled                443022                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus01.idleCycles               1205502                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus01.committedInsts          10811314                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.committedOps            12704545                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.committedInsts_total     10811314                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.cpi                     2.253694                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus01.cpi_total               2.253694                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus01.ipc                     0.443716                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus01.ipc_total               0.443716                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus01.int_regfile_reads       65929550                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus01.int_regfile_writes      15468075                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus01.misc_regfile_reads      16682043                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus01.misc_regfile_writes         1616                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus02.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus02.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.workload.num_syscalls                  5                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus02.numCycles               24365398                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus02.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus02.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.lookups        1976675                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1616247                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       195327                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       841810                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBHits         779444                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.usedRAS         203013                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         8761                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.icacheStallCycles     19191267                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Insts             11211879                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Branches           1976675                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.predictedBranches       982457                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Cycles             2349428                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.SquashCycles        565391                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.BlockedCycles       340857                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           26                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.CacheLines         1181884                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.IcacheSquashes       196626                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::samples     22247379                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.615920                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.967161                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::0       19897951     89.44%     89.44% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::1         127114      0.57%     90.01% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::2         200963      0.90%     90.91% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::3         318486      1.43%     92.35% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::4         133673      0.60%     92.95% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::5         150534      0.68%     93.62% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::6         157513      0.71%     94.33% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::7         103488      0.47%     94.80% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::8        1157657      5.20%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::total     22247379                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.branchRate        0.081126                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rate              0.460156                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.decode.IdleCycles       19016133                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BlockedCycles       517870                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus02.decode.RunCycles         2341785                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus02.decode.UnblockCycles         6061                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.decode.SquashCycles       365528                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BranchResolved       324144                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BranchMispred          275                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus02.decode.DecodedInsts     13690915                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus02.decode.SquashedInsts         1623                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus02.rename.SquashCycles       365528                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.rename.IdleCycles       19044759                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus02.rename.BlockCycles        169052                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus02.rename.serializeStallCycles       265911                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RunCycles         2319684                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus02.rename.UnblockCycles        82443                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenamedInsts     13681797                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus02.rename.ROBFullEvents         2396                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.IQFullEvents        23694                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.LSQFullEvents        30811                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.FullRegisterEvents         3970                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenamedOperands     18990642                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenameLookups     63640591                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus02.rename.int_rename_lookups     63640591                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus02.rename.CommittedMaps     16200584                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.UndoneMaps        2789967                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus02.rename.serializingInsts         3491                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.tempSerializingInsts         1922                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.skidInsts          250118                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.insertedLoads      1306512                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.insertedStores       701309                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.conflictingLoads        21205                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.conflictingStores       159549                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqInstsAdded         13661619                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3499                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqInstsIssued        12929064                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        16385                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1740341                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      3865806                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          340                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     22247379                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.581150                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.273089                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     16796915     75.50%     75.50% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2186393      9.83%     85.33% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1196349      5.38%     90.71% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       816525      3.67%     94.38% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       762717      3.43%     97.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       219739      0.99%     98.79% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       170397      0.77%     99.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        58299      0.26%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        40045      0.18%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     22247379                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          3098     12.73%     12.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::MemRead         9384     38.56%     51.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        11852     48.71%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     10830623     83.77%     83.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       204131      1.58%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1566      0.01%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1195896      9.25%     94.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       696848      5.39%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::total     12929064                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.rate                 0.530632                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_busy_cnt             24334                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001882                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     48146226                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     15405617                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     12718915                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_alu_accesses     12953398                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        39009                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       237252                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           39                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          164                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        21452                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          834                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewSquashCycles       365528                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewBlockCycles        114815                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewUnblockCycles        11937                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     13665144                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         2396                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1306512                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       701309                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         1921                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewIQFullEvents         8903                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus02.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          164                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus02.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       113360                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus02.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       111702                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus02.iew.branchMispredicts       225062                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecutedInsts     12743626                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1124497                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       185438                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_nop                  26                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_refs            1820987                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_branches        1792616                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_stores           696490                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_rate           0.523021                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_sent             12719141                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_count            12718915                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_producers         7436824                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_consumers        19424975                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_rate             0.522007                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_fanout           0.382849                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitCommittedInsts      9516081                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitCommittedOps     11664249                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2000827                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         3159                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus02.commit.branchMispredicts       199201                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     21881851                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.533056                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.386239                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     17145102     78.35%     78.35% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2293839     10.48%     88.84% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       893849      4.08%     92.92% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       481554      2.20%     95.12% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       359916      1.64%     96.77% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       200951      0.92%     97.68% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       124442      0.57%     98.25% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       110605      0.51%     98.76% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       271593      1.24%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     21881851                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committedInsts      9516081                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committedOps     11664249                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.refs              1749100                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.loads             1069248                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.membars              1576                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.branches          1674230                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.int_insts        10510499                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.function_calls       236986                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.bw_lim_events       271593                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus02.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus02.rob.rob_reads           35275269                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus02.rob.rob_writes          27695823                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus02.timesIdled                311577                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus02.idleCycles               2118019                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus02.committedInsts           9516081                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.committedOps            11664249                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.committedInsts_total      9516081                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.cpi                     2.560445                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus02.cpi_total               2.560445                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus02.ipc                     0.390557                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus02.ipc_total               0.390557                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus02.int_regfile_reads       57467838                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus02.int_regfile_writes      17631280                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus02.misc_regfile_reads      12769222                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus02.misc_regfile_writes         3156                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus03.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus03.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.workload.num_syscalls                  6                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus03.numCycles               24365398                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus03.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus03.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.lookups        2012196                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1646012                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       198250                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       823027                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBHits         789583                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.usedRAS         207356                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         8985                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.icacheStallCycles     19370731                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Insts             11252289                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Branches           2012196                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.predictedBranches       996939                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Cycles             2346912                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.SquashCycles        542384                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.BlockedCycles       440769                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.CacheLines         1186560                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.IcacheSquashes       198287                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::samples     22499978                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.614214                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.957275                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::0       20153066     89.57%     89.57% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::1         108780      0.48%     90.05% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::2         172806      0.77%     90.82% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::3         235108      1.04%     91.87% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::4         241713      1.07%     92.94% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::5         204890      0.91%     93.85% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::6         114600      0.51%     94.36% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::7         170943      0.76%     95.12% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::8        1098072      4.88%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::total     22499978                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.branchRate        0.082584                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rate              0.461814                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.decode.IdleCycles       19176069                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BlockedCycles       637418                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus03.decode.RunCycles         2342475                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus03.decode.UnblockCycles         2714                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.decode.SquashCycles       341301                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BranchResolved       331424                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BranchMispred          265                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus03.decode.DecodedInsts     13806763                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus03.decode.SquashedInsts         1568                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus03.rename.SquashCycles       341301                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.rename.IdleCycles       19228182                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus03.rename.BlockCycles        130693                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus03.rename.serializeStallCycles       387345                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RunCycles         2293762                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus03.rename.UnblockCycles       118692                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenamedInsts     13801384                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus03.rename.ROBFullEvents           26                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.IQFullEvents        15908                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.LSQFullEvents        51918                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenamedOperands     19256383                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenameLookups     64202548                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus03.rename.int_rename_lookups     64202548                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus03.rename.CommittedMaps     16666299                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.UndoneMaps        2590084                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus03.rename.serializingInsts         3400                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.tempSerializingInsts         1762                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.skidInsts          358393                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.insertedLoads      1292834                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.insertedStores       699611                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.conflictingLoads         8201                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.conflictingStores       223684                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqInstsAdded         13784624                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3414                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqInstsIssued        13083768                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1928                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1539672                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      3688250                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          105                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     22499978                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.581501                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.269511                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     16921301     75.21%     75.21% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2327863     10.35%     85.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1168676      5.19%     90.75% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       853976      3.80%     94.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       675296      3.00%     97.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       276417      1.23%     98.77% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       173896      0.77%     99.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        90444      0.40%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        12109      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     22499978                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          2708     12.47%     12.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::MemRead         8042     37.02%     49.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        10973     50.51%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     11004001     84.10%     84.10% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       195266      1.49%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1638      0.01%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1185640      9.06%     94.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       697223      5.33%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::total     13083768                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.rate                 0.536982                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_busy_cnt             21723                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001660                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     48691165                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     15327773                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     12884928                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_alu_accesses     13105491                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        26602                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       209825                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            8                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           64                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        10646                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewSquashCycles       341301                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewBlockCycles        104042                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewUnblockCycles        11575                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     13788064                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          410                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1292834                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       699611                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         1761                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewIQFullEvents         9794                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            1                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus03.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           64                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus03.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       114674                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus03.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       111858                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus03.iew.branchMispredicts       226532                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecutedInsts     12901161                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1115150                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       182607                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_nop                  26                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_refs            1812310                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_branches        1832954                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_stores           697160                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_rate           0.529487                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_sent             12885057                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_count            12884928                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_producers         7396348                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_consumers        19935286                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_rate             0.528821                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_fanout           0.371018                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitCommittedInsts      9715805                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitCommittedOps     11955629                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitSquashedInsts      1832448                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         3309                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus03.commit.branchMispredicts       200510                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     22158677                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.539546                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.381646                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     17216457     77.70%     77.70% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2468909     11.14%     88.84% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       914694      4.13%     92.97% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       437077      1.97%     94.94% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       390560      1.76%     96.70% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       212398      0.96%     97.66% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       171270      0.77%     98.43% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        84245      0.38%     98.81% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       263067      1.19%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     22158677                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committedInsts      9715805                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committedOps     11955629                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.refs              1771974                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.loads             1083009                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.membars              1650                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.branches          1724146                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.int_insts        10771829                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.function_calls       246251                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.bw_lim_events       263067                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus03.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus03.rob.rob_reads           35683609                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus03.rob.rob_writes          27917470                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus03.timesIdled                295464                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus03.idleCycles               1865420                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus03.committedInsts           9715805                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.committedOps            11955629                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.committedInsts_total      9715805                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.cpi                     2.507811                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus03.cpi_total               2.507811                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus03.ipc                     0.398754                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus03.ipc_total               0.398754                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus03.int_regfile_reads       58061518                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus03.int_regfile_writes      17946915                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus03.misc_regfile_reads      12798221                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus03.misc_regfile_writes         3306                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus04.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus04.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.workload.num_syscalls                  2                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus04.numCycles               24365398                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus04.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus04.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.lookups        1895561                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1709961                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       102217                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       857285                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBHits         676524                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.usedRAS         104584                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         4501                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.icacheStallCycles     20118635                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Insts             11929602                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Branches           1895561                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.predictedBranches       781108                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Cycles             2358163                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.SquashCycles        319626                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.BlockedCycles       453198                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.CacheLines         1157166                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.IcacheSquashes       102577                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::samples     23144887                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.604824                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.933073                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::0       20786724     89.81%     89.81% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::1          83783      0.36%     90.17% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::2         171471      0.74%     90.91% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::3          72130      0.31%     91.23% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::4         391438      1.69%     92.92% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::5         348857      1.51%     94.42% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::6          68083      0.29%     94.72% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::7         142275      0.61%     95.33% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::8        1080126      4.67%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::total     23144887                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.branchRate        0.077797                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rate              0.489612                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.decode.IdleCycles       20004555                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BlockedCycles       568771                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus04.decode.RunCycles         2349427                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus04.decode.UnblockCycles         7476                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.decode.SquashCycles       214653                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BranchResolved       166649                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BranchMispred          239                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus04.decode.DecodedInsts     13989685                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus04.decode.SquashedInsts         1437                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus04.rename.SquashCycles       214653                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.rename.IdleCycles       20025791                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus04.rename.BlockCycles        398439                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus04.rename.serializeStallCycles       105015                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RunCycles         2336877                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus04.rename.UnblockCycles        64107                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenamedInsts     13981244                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus04.rename.ROBFullEvents            4                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.IQFullEvents        26538                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.LSQFullEvents        23397                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.FullRegisterEvents          715                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenamedOperands     16426039                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenameLookups     65851716                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus04.rename.int_rename_lookups     65851716                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus04.rename.CommittedMaps     14541983                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.UndoneMaps        1884056                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus04.rename.serializingInsts         1633                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.tempSerializingInsts          831                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.skidInsts          164220                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.insertedLoads      3297092                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.insertedStores      1666790                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.conflictingLoads        15081                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.conflictingStores        81465                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqInstsAdded         13951761                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         1637                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqInstsIssued        13412012                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         7062                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1087264                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      2590214                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           23                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     23144887                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.579481                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.376939                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     18379872     79.41%     79.41% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      1425816      6.16%     85.57% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1173518      5.07%     90.64% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       504958      2.18%     92.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       641341      2.77%     95.60% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       620396      2.68%     98.28% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       353507      1.53%     99.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        27932      0.12%     99.92% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        17547      0.08%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     23144887                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         33906     11.08%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::MemRead       264455     86.42%     97.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         7655      2.50%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      8417788     62.76%     62.76% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       117109      0.87%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          802      0.01%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      3213759     23.96%     87.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      1662554     12.40%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::total     13412012                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.rate                 0.550453                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_busy_cnt            306016                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.022817                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     50281989                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     15041022                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     13296444                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_alu_accesses     13718028                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        24584                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       130737                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           64                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          361                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        11296                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         1190                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewSquashCycles       214653                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewBlockCycles        363192                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewUnblockCycles        17024                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     13953410                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          179                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      3297092                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      1666790                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          831                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewIQFullEvents        11505                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           19                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus04.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          361                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus04.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        59434                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus04.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        59923                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus04.iew.branchMispredicts       119357                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecutedInsts     13317322                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      3202795                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        94690                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_nop                  12                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_refs            4865169                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_branches        1743872                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_stores          1662374                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_rate           0.546567                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_sent             13296945                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_count            13296444                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_producers         7182435                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_consumers        14156545                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_rate             0.545710                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_fanout           0.507358                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitCommittedInsts     10791733                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitCommittedOps     12681993                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitSquashedInsts      1272685                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         1614                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus04.commit.branchMispredicts       104233                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     22930234                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.553069                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.376632                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     18332790     79.95%     79.95% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      1676026      7.31%     87.26% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       787590      3.43%     90.69% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       778332      3.39%     94.09% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       211551      0.92%     95.01% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       905921      3.95%     98.96% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        67420      0.29%     99.26% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        49370      0.22%     99.47% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       121234      0.53%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     22930234                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committedInsts     10791733                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committedOps     12681993                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.refs              4821849                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.loads             3166355                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.membars               806                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.branches          1674334                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.int_insts        11277709                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.function_calls       122812                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.bw_lim_events       121234                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus04.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus04.rob.rob_reads           36763652                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus04.rob.rob_writes          28124042                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus04.timesIdled                443244                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus04.idleCycles               1220511                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus04.committedInsts          10791733                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.committedOps            12681993                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.committedInsts_total     10791733                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.cpi                     2.257784                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus04.cpi_total               2.257784                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus04.ipc                     0.442912                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus04.ipc_total               0.442912                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus04.int_regfile_reads       65833758                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus04.int_regfile_writes      15449922                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus04.misc_regfile_reads      16651676                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus04.misc_regfile_writes         1612                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus05.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus05.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.workload.num_syscalls                  6                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus05.numCycles               24365398                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus05.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus05.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.lookups        2011013                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1645147                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       198109                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       822136                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBHits         789479                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.usedRAS         207457                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         9030                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.icacheStallCycles     19365436                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Insts             11247370                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Branches           2011013                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.predictedBranches       996936                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Cycles             2346327                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.SquashCycles        542278                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.BlockedCycles       441201                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.CacheLines         1186204                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.IcacheSquashes       198184                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::samples     22494563                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.614067                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.956944                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::0       20148236     89.57%     89.57% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::1         108680      0.48%     90.05% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::2         173241      0.77%     90.82% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::3         235504      1.05%     91.87% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::4         241151      1.07%     92.94% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::5         204844      0.91%     93.85% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::6         115004      0.51%     94.36% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::7         170570      0.76%     95.12% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::8        1097333      4.88%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::total     22494563                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.branchRate        0.082536                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rate              0.461612                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.decode.IdleCycles       19170753                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BlockedCycles       637796                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus05.decode.RunCycles         2342054                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus05.decode.UnblockCycles         2625                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.decode.SquashCycles       341334                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BranchResolved       331166                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BranchMispred          265                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus05.decode.DecodedInsts     13800647                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus05.decode.SquashedInsts         1563                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus05.rename.SquashCycles       341334                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.rename.IdleCycles       19222669                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus05.rename.BlockCycles        129791                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus05.rename.serializeStallCycles       389300                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RunCycles         2293451                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus05.rename.UnblockCycles       118015                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenamedInsts     13795524                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus05.rename.ROBFullEvents           24                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.IQFullEvents        15572                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.LSQFullEvents        51749                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenamedOperands     19250414                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenameLookups     64173561                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus05.rename.int_rename_lookups     64173561                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus05.rename.CommittedMaps     16659303                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.UndoneMaps        2591106                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus05.rename.serializingInsts         3350                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.tempSerializingInsts         1713                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.skidInsts          357788                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.insertedLoads      1291950                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.insertedStores       699276                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.conflictingLoads         8094                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.conflictingStores       223207                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqInstsAdded         13778264                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3362                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqInstsIssued        13077253                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1941                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1537730                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      3688167                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           59                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     22494563                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.581352                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.269456                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     16918296     75.21%     75.21% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2327265     10.35%     85.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1168619      5.20%     90.75% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       853304      3.79%     94.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       674344      3.00%     97.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       275670      1.23%     98.77% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       174561      0.78%     99.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        90286      0.40%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        12218      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     22494563                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          2729     12.56%     12.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::MemRead         8034     36.99%     49.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        10959     50.45%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     10998085     84.10%     84.10% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       195169      1.49%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1637      0.01%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1185529      9.07%     94.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       696833      5.33%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::total     13077253                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.rate                 0.536714                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_busy_cnt             21722                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001661                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     48672732                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     15319423                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     12878110                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_alu_accesses     13098975                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        26716                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       209390                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           10                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           69                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        10603                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewSquashCycles       341334                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewBlockCycles        103227                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewUnblockCycles        11633                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     13781657                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          461                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1291950                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       699276                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         1713                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewIQFullEvents         9841                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            3                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus05.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           69                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus05.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       115142                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus05.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       111520                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus05.iew.branchMispredicts       226662                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecutedInsts     12894350                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1114878                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       182903                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_nop                  31                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_refs            1811647                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_branches        1832149                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_stores           696769                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_rate           0.529207                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_sent             12878229                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_count            12878110                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_producers         7391642                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_consumers        19920963                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_rate             0.528541                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_fanout           0.371048                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitCommittedInsts      9711687                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitCommittedOps     11950644                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitSquashedInsts      1831027                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         3303                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus05.commit.branchMispredicts       200369                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     22153229                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.539454                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.381387                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     17212302     77.70%     77.70% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2468051     11.14%     88.84% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       915351      4.13%     92.97% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       436721      1.97%     94.94% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       390182      1.76%     96.70% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       212383      0.96%     97.66% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       171463      0.77%     98.43% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        83901      0.38%     98.81% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       262875      1.19%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     22153229                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committedInsts      9711687                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committedOps     11950644                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.refs              1771233                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.loads             1082560                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.membars              1648                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.branches          1723444                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.int_insts        10767325                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.function_calls       246155                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.bw_lim_events       262875                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus05.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus05.rob.rob_reads           35671947                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus05.rob.rob_writes          27904702                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus05.timesIdled                295093                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus05.idleCycles               1870835                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus05.committedInsts           9711687                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.committedOps            11950644                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.committedInsts_total      9711687                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.cpi                     2.508874                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus05.cpi_total               2.508874                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus05.ipc                     0.398585                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus05.ipc_total               0.398585                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus05.int_regfile_reads       58031492                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus05.int_regfile_writes      17938798                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus05.misc_regfile_reads      12792723                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus05.misc_regfile_writes         3298                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus06.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus06.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.workload.num_syscalls                  6                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus06.numCycles               24365116                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus06.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus06.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.lookups        2011014                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1645377                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       198114                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       822715                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBHits         789461                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.usedRAS         207539                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         9038                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.icacheStallCycles     19365961                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Insts             11246771                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Branches           2011014                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.predictedBranches       997000                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Cycles             2345603                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.SquashCycles        541689                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.BlockedCycles       440848                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.CacheLines         1186195                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.IcacheSquashes       198223                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::samples     22493419                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.614071                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.956971                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::0       20147816     89.57%     89.57% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::1         108476      0.48%     90.05% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::2         172778      0.77%     90.82% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::3         234703      1.04%     91.87% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::4         241354      1.07%     92.94% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::5         205041      0.91%     93.85% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::6         115611      0.51%     94.36% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::7         170989      0.76%     95.12% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::8        1096651      4.88%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::total     22493419                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.branchRate        0.082537                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rate              0.461593                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.decode.IdleCycles       19170380                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BlockedCycles       638367                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus06.decode.RunCycles         2341276                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus06.decode.UnblockCycles         2654                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.decode.SquashCycles       340741                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BranchResolved       330857                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BranchMispred          267                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus06.decode.DecodedInsts     13799927                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus06.decode.SquashedInsts         1576                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus06.rename.SquashCycles       340741                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.rename.IdleCycles       19222902                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus06.rename.BlockCycles        130371                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus06.rename.serializeStallCycles       387891                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RunCycles         2292018                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus06.rename.UnblockCycles       119493                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenamedInsts     13794250                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus06.rename.ROBFullEvents           19                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.IQFullEvents        15929                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.LSQFullEvents        52243                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenamedOperands     19247009                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenameLookups     64170697                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus06.rename.int_rename_lookups     64170697                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus06.rename.CommittedMaps     16660767                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.UndoneMaps        2586149                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus06.rename.serializingInsts         3405                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.tempSerializingInsts         1768                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.skidInsts          361210                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.insertedLoads      1291941                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.insertedStores       699076                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.conflictingLoads         8154                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.conflictingStores       221819                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqInstsAdded         13777646                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3418                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqInstsIssued        13077337                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1903                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1536573                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      3683901                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          113                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     22493419                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.581385                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.269565                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     16917174     75.21%     75.21% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2328406     10.35%     85.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1167962      5.19%     90.75% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       851082      3.78%     94.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       675529      3.00%     97.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       276600      1.23%     98.77% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       173954      0.77%     99.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        90775      0.40%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        11937      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     22493419                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          2674     12.33%     12.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::MemRead         8025     37.01%     49.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        10985     50.66%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     10999015     84.11%     84.11% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       195065      1.49%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1637      0.01%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1184885      9.06%     94.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       696735      5.33%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::total     13077337                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.rate                 0.536724                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_busy_cnt             21684                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001658                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     48671680                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     15317701                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     12878633                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_alu_accesses     13099021                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        26248                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       209249                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           10                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           67                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        10329                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewSquashCycles       340741                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewBlockCycles        103670                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewUnblockCycles        11595                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     13781094                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          216                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1291941                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       699076                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         1767                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewIQFullEvents         9832                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            2                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus06.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           67                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus06.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       114767                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus06.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       111744                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus06.iew.branchMispredicts       226511                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecutedInsts     12894670                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1114289                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       182667                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_nop                  30                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_refs            1810961                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_branches        1831822                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_stores           696672                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_rate           0.529227                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_sent             12878746                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_count            12878633                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_producers         7392921                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_consumers        19927908                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_rate             0.528569                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_fanout           0.370983                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitCommittedInsts      9712550                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitCommittedOps     11951753                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitSquashedInsts      1829284                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         3305                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus06.commit.branchMispredicts       200373                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     22152678                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.539517                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.381532                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     17211908     77.70%     77.70% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2467954     11.14%     88.84% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       914608      4.13%     92.97% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       437016      1.97%     94.94% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       390343      1.76%     96.70% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       212888      0.96%     97.66% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       171093      0.77%     98.43% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        83779      0.38%     98.81% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       263089      1.19%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     22152678                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committedInsts      9712550                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committedOps     11951753                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.refs              1771419                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.loads             1082679                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.membars              1648                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.branches          1723628                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.int_insts        10768334                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.function_calls       246190                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.bw_lim_events       263089                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus06.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus06.rob.rob_reads           35670548                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus06.rob.rob_writes          27902916                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus06.timesIdled                295340                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus06.idleCycles               1871697                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus06.committedInsts           9712550                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.committedOps            11951753                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.committedInsts_total      9712550                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.cpi                     2.508622                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus06.cpi_total               2.508622                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus06.ipc                     0.398625                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus06.ipc_total               0.398625                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus06.int_regfile_reads       58034579                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus06.int_regfile_writes      17938669                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus06.misc_regfile_reads      12791621                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus06.misc_regfile_writes         3302                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus07.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus07.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.workload.num_syscalls                  6                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus07.numCycles               24365398                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus07.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus07.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.lookups        2208012                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1838524                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       202477                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       845157                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBHits         806767                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.usedRAS         237203                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         9419                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.icacheStallCycles     19203364                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Insts             12109863                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Branches           2208012                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.predictedBranches      1043970                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Cycles             2524064                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.SquashCycles        564723                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.BlockedCycles       637247                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.CacheLines         1194168                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.IcacheSquashes       193443                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::samples     22725075                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.655024                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.030553                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::0       20201011     88.89%     88.89% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::1         154653      0.68%     89.57% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::2         195491      0.86%     90.43% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::3         310192      1.36%     91.80% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::4         129621      0.57%     92.37% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::5         167620      0.74%     93.11% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::6         194782      0.86%     93.96% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::7          89662      0.39%     94.36% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::8        1282043      5.64%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::total     22725075                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.branchRate        0.090621                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rate              0.497011                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.decode.IdleCycles       19090210                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BlockedCycles       761573                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus07.decode.RunCycles         2511939                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus07.decode.UnblockCycles         1238                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.decode.SquashCycles       360113                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BranchResolved       335721                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BranchMispred          287                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus07.decode.DecodedInsts     14802483                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus07.decode.SquashedInsts         1643                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus07.rename.SquashCycles       360113                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.rename.IdleCycles       19110160                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus07.rename.BlockCycles         62429                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus07.rename.serializeStallCycles       644624                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RunCycles         2493209                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus07.rename.UnblockCycles        54536                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenamedInsts     14710170                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus07.rename.ROBFullEvents           24                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.IQFullEvents         7853                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.LSQFullEvents        37905                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenamedOperands     20543871                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenameLookups     68402541                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus07.rename.int_rename_lookups     68402541                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus07.rename.CommittedMaps     17162022                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.UndoneMaps        3381849                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus07.rename.serializingInsts         3542                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.tempSerializingInsts         1839                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.skidInsts          192653                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.insertedLoads      1379738                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.insertedStores       719831                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.conflictingLoads         8031                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.conflictingStores       164310                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqInstsAdded         14359807                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3556                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqInstsIssued        13767833                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        13814                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1761955                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      3593949                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          119                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     22725075                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.605843                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.326828                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     16890714     74.33%     74.33% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2661933     11.71%     86.04% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1087785      4.79%     90.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       609323      2.68%     93.51% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       825548      3.63%     97.14% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       254460      1.12%     98.26% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       250101      1.10%     99.36% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       134425      0.59%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        10786      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     22725075                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         94654     78.92%     78.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     78.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     78.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     78.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::MemRead        12941     10.79%     89.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        12335     10.29%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     11597809     84.24%     84.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       188266      1.37%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1702      0.01%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1262721      9.17%     94.79% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       717335      5.21%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::total     13767833                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.rate                 0.565057                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_busy_cnt            119930                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.008711                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     50394485                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     16125401                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     13406762                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_alu_accesses     13887763                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        10167                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       264068                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            6                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           84                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        10681                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewSquashCycles       360113                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewBlockCycles         47737                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewUnblockCycles         6008                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     14363368                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        11075                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1379738                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       719831                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         1840                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewIQFullEvents         5237                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            4                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus07.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           84                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus07.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       118910                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus07.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       114305                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus07.iew.branchMispredicts       233215                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecutedInsts     13526285                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1241520                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       241548                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_nop                   5                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_refs            1958738                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_branches        1912377                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_stores           717218                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_rate           0.555143                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_sent             13406858                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_count            13406762                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_producers         8033956                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_consumers        21578739                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_rate             0.550238                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_fanout           0.372309                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitCommittedInsts      9984843                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitCommittedOps     12303766                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2059649                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         3437                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus07.commit.branchMispredicts       203980                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     22364962                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.550136                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.370266                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     17155642     76.71%     76.71% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2640758     11.81%     88.52% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       959028      4.29%     92.80% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       477246      2.13%     94.94% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       436429      1.95%     96.89% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       183213      0.82%     97.71% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       181624      0.81%     98.52% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        86487      0.39%     98.91% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       244535      1.09%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     22364962                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committedInsts      9984843                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committedOps     12303766                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.refs              1824820                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.loads             1115670                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.membars              1714                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.branches          1783268                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.int_insts        11077520                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.function_calls       254080                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.bw_lim_events       244535                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus07.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus07.rob.rob_reads           36483764                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus07.rob.rob_writes          29086954                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus07.timesIdled                293741                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus07.idleCycles               1640323                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus07.committedInsts           9984843                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.committedOps            12303766                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.committedInsts_total      9984843                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.cpi                     2.440238                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus07.cpi_total               2.440238                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus07.ipc                     0.409796                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus07.ipc_total               0.409796                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus07.int_regfile_reads       60860178                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus07.int_regfile_writes      18735021                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus07.misc_regfile_reads      13688471                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus07.misc_regfile_writes         3434                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus08.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus08.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.workload.num_syscalls                  6                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus08.numCycles               24365398                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus08.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus08.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.lookups        2207736                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1838367                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       202655                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       846071                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBHits         807288                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.usedRAS         237295                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         9435                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.icacheStallCycles     19202141                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Insts             12108200                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Branches           2207736                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.predictedBranches      1044583                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Cycles             2523938                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.SquashCycles        564986                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.BlockedCycles       640303                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.CacheLines         1194278                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.IcacheSquashes       193678                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::samples     22726873                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.654906                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.030269                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::0       20202935     88.89%     88.89% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::1         154606      0.68%     89.57% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::2         195395      0.86%     90.43% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::3         309746      1.36%     91.80% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::4         129924      0.57%     92.37% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::5         168169      0.74%     93.11% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::6         195182      0.86%     93.97% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::7          89632      0.39%     94.36% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::8        1281284      5.64%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::total     22726873                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.branchRate        0.090609                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rate              0.496942                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.decode.IdleCycles       19089423                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BlockedCycles       764119                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus08.decode.RunCycles         2511886                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus08.decode.UnblockCycles         1234                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.decode.SquashCycles       360209                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BranchResolved       335617                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BranchMispred          282                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus08.decode.DecodedInsts     14801645                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus08.decode.SquashedInsts         1603                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus08.rename.SquashCycles       360209                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.rename.IdleCycles       19109228                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus08.rename.BlockCycles         62191                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus08.rename.serializeStallCycles       647701                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RunCycles         2493270                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus08.rename.UnblockCycles        54270                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenamedInsts     14710014                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus08.rename.ROBFullEvents           22                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.IQFullEvents         7750                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.LSQFullEvents        37769                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenamedOperands     20541052                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenameLookups     68404729                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus08.rename.int_rename_lookups     68404729                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus08.rename.CommittedMaps     17158712                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.UndoneMaps        3382300                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus08.rename.serializingInsts         3560                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.tempSerializingInsts         1857                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.skidInsts          192331                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.insertedLoads      1380182                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.insertedStores       719785                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.conflictingLoads         8060                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.conflictingStores       164300                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqInstsAdded         14358960                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3574                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqInstsIssued        13767749                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        13705                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1761752                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      3594617                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          137                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     22726873                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.605792                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.326838                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     16893035     74.33%     74.33% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2661371     11.71%     86.04% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1087693      4.79%     90.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       609600      2.68%     93.51% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       825116      3.63%     97.14% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       254525      1.12%     98.26% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       250410      1.10%     99.36% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       134341      0.59%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        10782      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     22726873                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         94326     78.83%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::MemRead        13005     10.87%     89.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        12324     10.30%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     11597946     84.24%     84.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       188052      1.37%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1702      0.01%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1262775      9.17%     94.79% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       717274      5.21%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::total     13767749                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.rate                 0.565053                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_busy_cnt            119655                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.008691                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     50395725                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     16124368                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     13405356                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_alu_accesses     13887404                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        10179                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       264731                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            8                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           86                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        10755                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewSquashCycles       360209                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewBlockCycles         47409                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewUnblockCycles         6116                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     14362538                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        10801                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1380182                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       719785                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         1857                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewIQFullEvents         5382                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            5                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus08.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           86                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus08.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       119233                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus08.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       114266                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus08.iew.branchMispredicts       233499                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecutedInsts     13525197                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1241356                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       242546                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_nop                   4                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_refs            1958512                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_branches        1911872                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_stores           717156                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_rate           0.555099                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_sent             13405448                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_count            13405356                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_producers         8032456                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_consumers        21581899                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_rate             0.550180                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_fanout           0.372185                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitCommittedInsts      9982935                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitCommittedOps     12301394                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2061178                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         3437                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus08.commit.branchMispredicts       204159                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     22366664                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.549988                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.370189                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     17158406     76.71%     76.71% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2640229     11.80%     88.52% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       959208      4.29%     92.81% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       476828      2.13%     94.94% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       436202      1.95%     96.89% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       183116      0.82%     97.71% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       181610      0.81%     98.52% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        86303      0.39%     98.91% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       244762      1.09%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     22366664                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committedInsts      9982935                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committedOps     12301394                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.refs              1824479                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.loads             1115449                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.membars              1714                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.branches          1782925                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.int_insts        11075387                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.function_calls       254032                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.bw_lim_events       244762                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus08.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus08.rob.rob_reads           36484396                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus08.rob.rob_writes          29085387                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus08.timesIdled                293680                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus08.idleCycles               1638525                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus08.committedInsts           9982935                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.committedOps            12301394                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.committedInsts_total      9982935                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.cpi                     2.440705                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus08.cpi_total               2.440705                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus08.ipc                     0.409718                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus08.ipc_total               0.409718                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus08.int_regfile_reads       60855023                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus08.int_regfile_writes      18732255                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus08.misc_regfile_reads      13686319                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus08.misc_regfile_writes         3434                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus09.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus09.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.workload.num_syscalls                  2                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus09.numCycles               24365398                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus09.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus09.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.lookups        1898911                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1712801                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       101394                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       732788                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBHits         676086                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.usedRAS         104525                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         4460                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.icacheStallCycles     20125733                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Insts             11952189                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Branches           1898911                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.predictedBranches       780611                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Cycles             2361632                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.SquashCycles        318407                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.BlockedCycles       450245                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.CacheLines         1156962                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.IcacheSquashes       101760                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::samples     23152124                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.605634                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.934467                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::0       20790492     89.80%     89.80% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::1          83790      0.36%     90.16% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::2         172094      0.74%     90.90% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::3          72367      0.31%     91.22% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::4         391435      1.69%     92.91% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::5         349132      1.51%     94.42% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::6          67709      0.29%     94.71% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::7         141864      0.61%     95.32% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::8        1083241      4.68%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::total     23152124                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.branchRate        0.077935                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rate              0.490539                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.decode.IdleCycles       20012714                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BlockedCycles       564708                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus09.decode.RunCycles         2353066                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus09.decode.UnblockCycles         7354                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.decode.SquashCycles       214277                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BranchResolved       167144                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BranchMispred          237                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus09.decode.DecodedInsts     14013004                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus09.decode.SquashedInsts         1429                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus09.rename.SquashCycles       214277                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.rename.IdleCycles       20033731                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus09.rename.BlockCycles        396131                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus09.rename.serializeStallCycles       103876                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RunCycles         2340588                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus09.rename.UnblockCycles        63516                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenamedInsts     14004903                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus09.rename.ROBFullEvents           10                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.IQFullEvents        26197                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.LSQFullEvents        23408                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.FullRegisterEvents          586                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenamedOperands     16450457                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenameLookups     65960019                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus09.rename.int_rename_lookups     65960019                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus09.rename.CommittedMaps     14564279                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.UndoneMaps        1886172                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus09.rename.serializingInsts         1634                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.tempSerializingInsts          831                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.skidInsts          162514                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.insertedLoads      3302369                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.insertedStores      1670100                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.conflictingLoads        15345                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.conflictingStores        80973                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqInstsAdded         13975893                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         1639                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqInstsIssued        13431894                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         7231                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1091676                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      2613415                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           21                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     23152124                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.580158                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.377918                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     18383406     79.40%     79.40% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      1424365      6.15%     85.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1174556      5.07%     90.63% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       505371      2.18%     92.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       642716      2.78%     95.59% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       622029      2.69%     98.27% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       354094      1.53%     99.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        27965      0.12%     99.92% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        17622      0.08%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     23152124                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         33959     11.07%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::MemRead       265104     86.43%     97.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         7670      2.50%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      8427526     62.74%     62.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       117357      0.87%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          803      0.01%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      3220202     23.97%     87.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      1666006     12.40%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::total     13431894                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.rate                 0.551269                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_busy_cnt            306733                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.022836                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     50329876                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     15069566                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     13316226                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_alu_accesses     13738627                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        24317                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       129025                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           60                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          361                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        11043                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         1188                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewSquashCycles       214277                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewBlockCycles        360968                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewUnblockCycles        17166                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     13977543                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          194                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      3302369                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      1670100                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          831                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewIQFullEvents        11687                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            6                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus09.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          361                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus09.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        58245                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus09.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        60209                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus09.iew.branchMispredicts       118454                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecutedInsts     13337478                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      3209199                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        94416                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_nop                  11                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_refs            4875021                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_branches        1746549                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_stores          1665822                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_rate           0.547394                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_sent             13316738                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_count            13316226                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_producers         7192236                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_consumers        14168155                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_rate             0.546522                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_fanout           0.507634                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitCommittedInsts     10810513                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitCommittedOps     12703568                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitSquashedInsts      1275263                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         1618                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus09.commit.branchMispredicts       103397                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     22937847                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.553826                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.377476                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     18333549     79.93%     79.93% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      1677824      7.31%     87.24% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       788216      3.44%     90.68% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       780484      3.40%     94.08% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       211511      0.92%     95.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       907970      3.96%     98.96% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        67585      0.29%     99.26% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        49208      0.21%     99.47% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       121500      0.53%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     22937847                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committedInsts     10810513                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committedOps     12703568                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.refs              4832401                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.loads             3173344                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.membars               808                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.branches          1677023                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.int_insts        11296818                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.function_calls       122912                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.bw_lim_events       121500                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus09.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus09.rob.rob_reads           36795152                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus09.rob.rob_writes          28171972                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus09.timesIdled                442898                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus09.idleCycles               1213274                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus09.committedInsts          10810513                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.committedOps            12703568                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.committedInsts_total     10810513                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.cpi                     2.253861                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus09.cpi_total               2.253861                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus09.ipc                     0.443683                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus09.ipc_total               0.443683                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus09.int_regfile_reads       65934280                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus09.int_regfile_writes      15469620                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus09.misc_regfile_reads      16683668                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus09.misc_regfile_writes         1616                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus10.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus10.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.workload.num_syscalls                  5                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus10.numCycles               24365398                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus10.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus10.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.lookups        1977683                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1617067                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       195098                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       842159                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBHits         779554                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.usedRAS         203660                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         8814                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.icacheStallCycles     19202982                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Insts             11218047                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Branches           1977683                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.predictedBranches       983214                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Cycles             2350772                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.SquashCycles        564256                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.BlockedCycles       338210                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           26                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.CacheLines         1182310                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.IcacheSquashes       196411                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::samples     22256906                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.616016                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.967320                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::0       19906134     89.44%     89.44% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::1         127581      0.57%     90.01% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::2         200851      0.90%     90.91% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::3         318379      1.43%     92.34% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::4         133447      0.60%     92.94% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::5         150421      0.68%     93.62% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::6         158312      0.71%     94.33% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::7         103822      0.47%     94.80% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::8        1157959      5.20%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::total     22256906                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.branchRate        0.081168                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rate              0.460409                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.decode.IdleCycles       19028448                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BlockedCycles       514512                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus10.decode.RunCycles         2343189                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus10.decode.UnblockCycles         6114                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.decode.SquashCycles       364641                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BranchResolved       324368                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BranchMispred          277                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus10.decode.DecodedInsts     13699598                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus10.decode.SquashedInsts         1639                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus10.rename.SquashCycles       364641                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.rename.IdleCycles       19057033                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus10.rename.BlockCycles        169318                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus10.rename.serializeStallCycles       263413                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RunCycles         2321296                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus10.rename.UnblockCycles        81203                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenamedInsts     13690147                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus10.rename.ROBFullEvents         2084                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.IQFullEvents        23841                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.LSQFullEvents        30464                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.FullRegisterEvents         3295                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenamedOperands     19007548                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenameLookups     63681275                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus10.rename.int_rename_lookups     63681275                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus10.rename.CommittedMaps     16218033                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.UndoneMaps        2789509                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus10.rename.serializingInsts         3478                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.tempSerializingInsts         1908                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.skidInsts          248772                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.insertedLoads      1307671                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.insertedStores       702145                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.conflictingLoads        21199                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.conflictingStores       159514                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqInstsAdded         13669382                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3488                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqInstsIssued        12938479                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        16709                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1737921                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      3863884                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          325                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     22256906                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.581324                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.273091                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     16801231     75.49%     75.49% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2188543      9.83%     85.32% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1198548      5.39%     90.71% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       817752      3.67%     94.38% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       761934      3.42%     97.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       220146      0.99%     98.79% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       170398      0.77%     99.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        58102      0.26%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        40252      0.18%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     22256906                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          3105     12.61%     12.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::MemRead         9654     39.20%     51.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        11870     48.20%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     10836865     83.76%     83.76% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       204278      1.58%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1568      0.01%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1198120      9.26%     94.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       697648      5.39%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::total     12938479                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.rate                 0.531019                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_busy_cnt             24629                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001904                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     48175202                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     15410947                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     12726906                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_alu_accesses     12963108                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        38824                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       237296                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           38                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          159                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        21570                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          843                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewSquashCycles       364641                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewBlockCycles        115733                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewUnblockCycles        11799                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     13672892                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         3683                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1307671                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       702145                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         1908                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewIQFullEvents         8825                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            1                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus10.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          159                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus10.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       113107                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus10.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       111631                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus10.iew.branchMispredicts       224738                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecutedInsts     12752029                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1125879                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       186450                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_nop                  22                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_refs            1823136                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_branches        1793916                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_stores           697257                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_rate           0.523366                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_sent             12727130                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_count            12726906                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_producers         7442857                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_consumers        19437003                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_rate             0.522335                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_fanout           0.382922                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitCommittedInsts      9526250                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitCommittedOps     11676716                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitSquashedInsts      1996205                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         3163                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus10.commit.branchMispredicts       198952                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     21892265                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.533372                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.386481                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     17149882     78.34%     78.34% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2296786     10.49%     88.83% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       895486      4.09%     92.92% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       481058      2.20%     95.12% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       360392      1.65%     96.76% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       201700      0.92%     97.68% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       124620      0.57%     98.25% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       110732      0.51%     98.76% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       271609      1.24%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     21892265                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committedInsts      9526250                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committedOps     11676716                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.refs              1750946                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.loads             1070371                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.membars              1578                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.branches          1676029                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.int_insts        10521698                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.function_calls       237229                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.bw_lim_events       271609                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus10.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus10.rob.rob_reads           35293512                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus10.rob.rob_writes          27710524                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus10.timesIdled                311470                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus10.idleCycles               2108492                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus10.committedInsts           9526250                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.committedOps            11676716                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.committedInsts_total      9526250                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.cpi                     2.557711                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus10.cpi_total               2.557711                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus10.ipc                     0.390975                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus10.ipc_total               0.390975                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus10.int_regfile_reads       57505483                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus10.int_regfile_writes      17646594                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus10.misc_regfile_reads      12776871                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus10.misc_regfile_writes         3160                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus11.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus11.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.workload.num_syscalls                  6                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus11.numCycles               24365398                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus11.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus11.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.lookups        2010425                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1644908                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       198494                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       820908                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBHits         789126                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.usedRAS         207453                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         9034                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.icacheStallCycles     19367953                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Insts             11242470                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Branches           2010425                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.predictedBranches       996579                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Cycles             2345264                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.SquashCycles        542846                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.BlockedCycles       438570                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.CacheLines         1186519                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.IcacheSquashes       198642                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::samples     22493568                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.613851                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.956665                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::0       20148304     89.57%     89.57% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::1         108597      0.48%     90.06% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::2         173360      0.77%     90.83% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::3         234782      1.04%     91.87% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::4         241486      1.07%     92.94% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::5         204688      0.91%     93.85% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::6         114610      0.51%     94.36% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::7         170941      0.76%     95.12% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::8        1096800      4.88%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::total     22493568                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.branchRate        0.082511                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rate              0.461411                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.decode.IdleCycles       19172841                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BlockedCycles       635629                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus11.decode.RunCycles         2340937                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus11.decode.UnblockCycles         2645                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.decode.SquashCycles       341515                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BranchResolved       330808                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BranchMispred          267                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus11.decode.DecodedInsts     13795010                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus11.decode.SquashedInsts         1571                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus11.rename.SquashCycles       341515                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.rename.IdleCycles       19225085                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus11.rename.BlockCycles        130551                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus11.rename.serializeStallCycles       385565                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RunCycles         2292006                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus11.rename.UnblockCycles       118843                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenamedInsts     13789781                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus11.rename.ROBFullEvents           27                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.IQFullEvents        15750                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.LSQFullEvents        52014                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenamedOperands     19242834                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenameLookups     64148896                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus11.rename.int_rename_lookups     64148896                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus11.rename.CommittedMaps     16656837                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.UndoneMaps        2585966                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus11.rename.serializingInsts         3360                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.tempSerializingInsts         1721                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.skidInsts          359644                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.insertedLoads      1291965                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.insertedStores       698579                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.conflictingLoads         8125                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.conflictingStores       222404                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqInstsAdded         13772602                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3372                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqInstsIssued        13071634                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1913                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1535592                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      3687388                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           68                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     22493568                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.581128                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.269178                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     16918572     75.22%     75.22% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2328099     10.35%     85.57% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1167683      5.19%     90.76% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       852311      3.79%     94.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       674798      3.00%     97.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       275352      1.22%     98.77% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       173962      0.77%     99.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        90816      0.40%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        11975      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     22493568                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          2699     12.43%     12.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::MemRead         8029     36.98%     49.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        10983     50.59%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     10993743     84.10%     84.10% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       194942      1.49%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1637      0.01%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1185027      9.07%     94.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       696285      5.33%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::total     13071634                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.rate                 0.536484                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_busy_cnt             21711                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001661                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     48660460                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     15311630                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     12872481                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_alu_accesses     13093345                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        25797                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       209556                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           13                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           67                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         9991                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewSquashCycles       341515                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewBlockCycles        104097                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewUnblockCycles        11530                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     13776005                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          763                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1291965                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       698579                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         1722                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewIQFullEvents         9771                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            1                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus11.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           67                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus11.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       114996                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus11.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       111817                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus11.iew.branchMispredicts       226813                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecutedInsts     12888712                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1114289                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       182922                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_nop                  31                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_refs            1810516                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_branches        1831221                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_stores           696227                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_rate           0.528976                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_sent             12872593                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_count            12872481                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_producers         7389511                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_consumers        19915325                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_rate             0.528310                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_fanout           0.371046                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitCommittedInsts      9710266                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitCommittedOps     11948897                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitSquashedInsts      1827107                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         3304                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus11.commit.branchMispredicts       200756                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     22152053                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.539404                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.381373                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     17212515     77.70%     77.70% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2466989     11.14%     88.84% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       914675      4.13%     92.97% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       437133      1.97%     94.94% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       390152      1.76%     96.70% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       212645      0.96%     97.66% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       171096      0.77%     98.43% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        84034      0.38%     98.81% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       262814      1.19%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     22152053                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committedInsts      9710266                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committedOps     11948897                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.refs              1770991                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.loads             1082407                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.membars              1648                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.branches          1723204                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.int_insts        10765745                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.function_calls       246119                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.bw_lim_events       262814                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus11.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus11.rob.rob_reads           35665165                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus11.rob.rob_writes          27893569                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus11.timesIdled                295492                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus11.idleCycles               1871830                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus11.committedInsts           9710266                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.committedOps            11948897                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.committedInsts_total      9710266                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.cpi                     2.509241                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus11.cpi_total               2.509241                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus11.ipc                     0.398527                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus11.ipc_total               0.398527                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus11.int_regfile_reads       58008520                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus11.int_regfile_writes      17931243                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus11.misc_regfile_reads      12786741                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus11.misc_regfile_writes         3300                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus12.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus12.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.workload.num_syscalls                  2                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus12.numCycles               24365398                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus12.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus12.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.lookups        1899175                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1713140                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       101667                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       736096                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBHits         675826                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.usedRAS         104750                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         4481                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.icacheStallCycles     20127116                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Insts             11952772                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Branches           1899175                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.predictedBranches       780576                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Cycles             2361737                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.SquashCycles        319218                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.BlockedCycles       452442                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.CacheLines         1157226                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.IcacheSquashes       102030                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::samples     23156361                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.605605                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.934419                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::0       20794624     89.80%     89.80% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::1          83658      0.36%     90.16% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::2         171815      0.74%     90.90% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::3          72317      0.31%     91.22% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::4         391749      1.69%     92.91% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::5         349241      1.51%     94.42% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::6          67810      0.29%     94.71% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::7         141865      0.61%     95.32% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::8        1083282      4.68%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::total     23156361                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.branchRate        0.077946                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rate              0.490563                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.decode.IdleCycles       20012926                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BlockedCycles       568069                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus12.decode.RunCycles         2353142                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus12.decode.UnblockCycles         7393                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.decode.SquashCycles       214826                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BranchResolved       167103                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BranchMispred          240                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus12.decode.DecodedInsts     14015078                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus12.decode.SquashedInsts         1450                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus12.rename.SquashCycles       214826                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.rename.IdleCycles       20034520                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus12.rename.BlockCycles        398666                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus12.rename.serializeStallCycles       104004                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RunCycles         2340216                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus12.rename.UnblockCycles        64124                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenamedInsts     14006906                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus12.rename.ROBFullEvents            6                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.IQFullEvents        26248                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.LSQFullEvents        23708                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.FullRegisterEvents          329                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenamedOperands     16453570                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenameLookups     65969251                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus12.rename.int_rename_lookups     65969251                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus12.rename.CommittedMaps     14561893                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.UndoneMaps        1891677                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus12.rename.serializingInsts         1631                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.tempSerializingInsts          829                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.skidInsts          165349                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.insertedLoads      3303235                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.insertedStores      1669989                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.conflictingLoads        15139                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.conflictingStores        81089                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqInstsAdded         13977040                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         1637                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqInstsIssued        13431702                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         7247                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1093030                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      2621446                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           19                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     23156361                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.580044                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.377896                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     18388610     79.41%     79.41% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      1423734      6.15%     85.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1173671      5.07%     90.63% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       505375      2.18%     92.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       643254      2.78%     95.59% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       622002      2.69%     98.27% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       354296      1.53%     99.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        27653      0.12%     99.92% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        17766      0.08%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     23156361                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         33961     11.07%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::MemRead       265142     86.43%     97.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         7660      2.50%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      8427039     62.74%     62.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       117425      0.87%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          802      0.01%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      3220547     23.98%     87.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      1665889     12.40%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::total     13431702                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.rate                 0.551261                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_busy_cnt            306763                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.022839                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     50333775                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     15072060                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     13315740                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_alu_accesses     13738465                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        24342                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       130061                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           63                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          354                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        11050                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         1188                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewSquashCycles       214826                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewBlockCycles        363933                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewUnblockCycles        17268                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     13978692                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          190                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      3303235                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      1669989                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          829                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewIQFullEvents        11751                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           14                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus12.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          354                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus12.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        58493                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus12.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        60268                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus12.iew.branchMispredicts       118761                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecutedInsts     13337094                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      3209417                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        94608                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_nop                  15                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_refs            4875144                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_branches        1746487                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_stores          1665727                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_rate           0.547378                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_sent             13316251                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_count            13315740                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_producers         7191286                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_consumers        14165466                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_rate             0.546502                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_fanout           0.507663                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitCommittedInsts     10809113                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitCommittedOps     12701831                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitSquashedInsts      1278120                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         1618                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus12.commit.branchMispredicts       103655                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     22941535                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.553661                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.377381                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     18337561     79.93%     79.93% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      1678415      7.32%     87.25% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       788085      3.44%     90.68% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       779898      3.40%     94.08% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       211320      0.92%     95.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       907848      3.96%     98.96% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        67437      0.29%     99.25% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        49358      0.22%     99.47% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       121613      0.53%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     22941535                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committedInsts     10809113                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committedOps     12701831                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.refs              4832113                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.loads             3173174                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.membars               808                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.branches          1676765                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.int_insts        11295269                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.function_calls       122882                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.bw_lim_events       121613                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus12.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus12.rob.rob_reads           36799847                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus12.rob.rob_writes          28174764                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus12.timesIdled                443055                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus12.idleCycles               1209037                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus12.committedInsts          10809113                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.committedOps            12701831                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.committedInsts_total     10809113                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.cpi                     2.254153                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus12.cpi_total               2.254153                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus12.ipc                     0.443626                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus12.ipc_total               0.443626                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus12.int_regfile_reads       65932092                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus12.int_regfile_writes      15469194                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus12.misc_regfile_reads      16684317                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus12.misc_regfile_writes         1616                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus13.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus13.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.workload.num_syscalls                  5                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus13.numCycles               24365398                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus13.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus13.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.lookups        1981853                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1625291                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       196312                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       832769                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBHits         774243                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.usedRAS         203714                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         8892                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.icacheStallCycles     18974912                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Insts             11268183                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Branches           1981853                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.predictedBranches       977957                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Cycles             2478449                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.SquashCycles        554868                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.BlockedCycles       606514                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.CacheLines         1169947                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.IcacheSquashes       194748                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::samples     22415318                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.614681                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.965306                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::0       19936869     88.94%     88.94% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::1         267488      1.19%     90.14% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::2         311794      1.39%     91.53% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::3         171622      0.77%     92.29% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::4         195240      0.87%     93.16% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::5         108941      0.49%     93.65% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::6          74355      0.33%     93.98% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::7         191549      0.85%     94.84% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::8        1157460      5.16%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::total     22415318                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.branchRate        0.081339                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rate              0.462467                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.decode.IdleCycles       18817464                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BlockedCycles       767202                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus13.decode.RunCycles         2457238                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus13.decode.UnblockCycles        20029                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.decode.SquashCycles       353383                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BranchResolved       321229                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BranchMispred         2060                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus13.decode.DecodedInsts     13752697                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus13.decode.SquashedInsts        10687                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus13.rename.SquashCycles       353383                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.rename.IdleCycles       18848131                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus13.rename.BlockCycles        238001                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus13.rename.serializeStallCycles       444469                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RunCycles         2447811                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus13.rename.UnblockCycles        83521                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenamedInsts     13743794                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus13.rename.ROBFullEvents           17                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.IQFullEvents        20097                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.LSQFullEvents        39575                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenamedOperands     19109369                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenameLookups     63995625                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus13.rename.int_rename_lookups     63995625                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus13.rename.CommittedMaps     16324403                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.UndoneMaps        2784961                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus13.rename.serializingInsts         3616                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.tempSerializingInsts         2023                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.skidInsts          226711                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.insertedLoads      1312294                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.insertedStores       714869                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.conflictingLoads        18009                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.conflictingStores       157439                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqInstsAdded         13722363                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3624                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqInstsIssued        12976538                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        17120                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1699733                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      3921387                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          418                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     22415318                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.578914                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.268644                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     16945958     75.60%     75.60% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2201615      9.82%     85.42% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1182579      5.28%     90.70% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       817281      3.65%     94.34% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       714475      3.19%     97.53% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       363515      1.62%     99.15% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        89644      0.40%     99.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        57425      0.26%     99.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        42826      0.19%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     22415318                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          3240     11.66%     11.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::MemRead        11780     42.39%     54.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        12768     45.95%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     10862851     83.71%     83.71% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       202618      1.56%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1590      0.01%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1200163      9.25%     94.53% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       709316      5.47%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::total     12976538                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.rate                 0.532581                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_busy_cnt             27788                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002141                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     48413302                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     15425857                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     12759233                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_alu_accesses     13004326                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        32333                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       230261                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           70                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          140                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        14746                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          795                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewSquashCycles       353383                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewBlockCycles        193984                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewUnblockCycles        13090                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     13726011                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         2917                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1312294                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       714869                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         2023                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewIQFullEvents         9297                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus13.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          140                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus13.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       113677                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus13.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       109774                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus13.iew.branchMispredicts       223451                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecutedInsts     12781804                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1126727                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       194734                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_nop                  24                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_refs            1835843                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_branches        1789180                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_stores           709116                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_rate           0.524588                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_sent             12759535                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_count            12759233                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_producers         7586343                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_consumers        19858511                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_rate             0.523662                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_fanout           0.382020                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitCommittedInsts      9587169                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitCommittedOps     11762648                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitSquashedInsts      1963527                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         3206                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus13.commit.branchMispredicts       197273                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     22061935                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.533165                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.351681                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     17255965     78.22%     78.22% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2228638     10.10%     88.32% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       933547      4.23%     92.55% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       561379      2.54%     95.09% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       388918      1.76%     96.86% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       251526      1.14%     98.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       130583      0.59%     98.59% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       105053      0.48%     99.06% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       206326      0.94%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     22061935                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committedInsts      9587169                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committedOps     11762648                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.refs              1782153                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.loads             1082030                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.membars              1600                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.branches          1683522                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.int_insts        10604505                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.function_calls       239361                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.bw_lim_events       206326                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus13.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus13.rob.rob_reads           35581719                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus13.rob.rob_writes          27805756                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus13.timesIdled                291945                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus13.idleCycles               1950080                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus13.committedInsts           9587169                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.committedOps            11762648                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.committedInsts_total      9587169                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.cpi                     2.541459                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus13.cpi_total               2.541459                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus13.ipc                     0.393475                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus13.ipc_total               0.393475                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus13.int_regfile_reads       57667405                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus13.int_regfile_writes      17712591                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus13.misc_regfile_reads      12838816                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus13.misc_regfile_writes         3202                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus14.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus14.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.workload.num_syscalls                  2                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus14.numCycles               24365398                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus14.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus14.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.lookups        1897699                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1711849                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       101383                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       749771                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBHits         675908                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.usedRAS         104620                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         4434                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.icacheStallCycles     20124418                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Insts             11948167                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Branches           1897699                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.predictedBranches       780528                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Cycles             2360903                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.SquashCycles        318069                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.BlockedCycles       450887                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.CacheLines         1156909                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.IcacheSquashes       101787                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::samples     23150410                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.605546                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.934396                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::0       20789507     89.80%     89.80% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::1          83760      0.36%     90.16% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::2         172044      0.74%     90.91% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::3          72054      0.31%     91.22% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::4         391375      1.69%     92.91% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::5         349032      1.51%     94.42% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::6          67593      0.29%     94.71% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::7         141952      0.61%     95.32% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::8        1083093      4.68%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::total     23150410                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.branchRate        0.077885                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rate              0.490374                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.decode.IdleCycles       20010757                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BlockedCycles       565988                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus14.decode.RunCycles         2352316                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus14.decode.UnblockCycles         7384                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.decode.SquashCycles       213960                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BranchResolved       166892                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BranchMispred          243                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus14.decode.DecodedInsts     14009998                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus14.decode.SquashedInsts         1468                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus14.rename.SquashCycles       213960                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.rename.IdleCycles       20031893                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus14.rename.BlockCycles        397946                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus14.rename.serializeStallCycles       103551                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RunCycles         2339881                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus14.rename.UnblockCycles        63174                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenamedInsts     14001863                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus14.rename.ROBFullEvents           11                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.IQFullEvents        26212                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.LSQFullEvents        23282                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.FullRegisterEvents          332                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenamedOperands     16446501                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenameLookups     65950119                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus14.rename.int_rename_lookups     65950119                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus14.rename.CommittedMaps     14563450                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.UndoneMaps        1883042                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus14.rename.serializingInsts         1631                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.tempSerializingInsts          828                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.skidInsts          162652                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.insertedLoads      3302801                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.insertedStores      1670096                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.conflictingLoads        15217                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.conflictingStores        81339                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqInstsAdded         13972825                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         1636                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqInstsIssued        13430402                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         7144                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1088409                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      2609098                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           18                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     23150410                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.580137                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.377955                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     18383247     79.41%     79.41% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      1423180      6.15%     85.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1173817      5.07%     90.63% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       505432      2.18%     92.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       643015      2.78%     95.59% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       622006      2.69%     98.27% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       354351      1.53%     99.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        27800      0.12%     99.92% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        17562      0.08%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     23150410                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         34116     11.12%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::MemRead       265086     86.38%     97.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         7672      2.50%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      8425926     62.74%     62.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       117447      0.87%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          803      0.01%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      3220275     23.98%     87.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      1665951     12.40%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::total     13430402                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.rate                 0.551208                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_busy_cnt            306874                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.022849                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     50325232                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     15063224                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     13314164                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_alu_accesses     13737276                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        24369                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       129515                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           61                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          355                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        11070                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         1190                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewSquashCycles       213960                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewBlockCycles        363320                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewUnblockCycles        17082                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     13974475                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          189                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      3302801                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      1670096                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          828                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewIQFullEvents        11579                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           12                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus14.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          355                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus14.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        58334                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus14.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        60173                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus14.iew.branchMispredicts       118507                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecutedInsts     13335305                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      3209137                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        95097                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_nop                  14                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_refs            4874928                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_branches        1746176                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_stores          1665791                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_rate           0.547305                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_sent             13314657                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_count            13314164                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_producers         7192254                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_consumers        14168807                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_rate             0.546437                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_fanout           0.507612                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitCommittedInsts     10810048                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitCommittedOps     12702987                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitSquashedInsts      1272689                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         1618                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus14.commit.branchMispredicts       103370                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     22936450                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.553834                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.377571                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     18332171     79.93%     79.93% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      1678279      7.32%     87.24% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       788354      3.44%     90.68% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       780033      3.40%     94.08% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       211313      0.92%     95.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       907842      3.96%     98.96% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        67465      0.29%     99.25% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        49295      0.21%     99.47% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       121698      0.53%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     22936450                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committedInsts     10810048                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committedOps     12702987                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.refs              4832312                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.loads             3173286                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.membars               808                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.branches          1676933                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.int_insts        11296304                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.function_calls       122903                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.bw_lim_events       121698                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus14.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus14.rob.rob_reads           36790402                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus14.rob.rob_writes          28165348                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus14.timesIdled                442905                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus14.idleCycles               1214988                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus14.committedInsts          10810048                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.committedOps            12702987                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.committedInsts_total     10810048                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.cpi                     2.253958                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus14.cpi_total               2.253958                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus14.ipc                     0.443664                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus14.ipc_total               0.443664                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus14.int_regfile_reads       65925289                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus14.int_regfile_writes      15466723                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus14.misc_regfile_reads      16679678                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus14.misc_regfile_writes         1616                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus15.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus15.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.workload.num_syscalls                  5                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus15.numCycles               24365398                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus15.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus15.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.lookups        1975824                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1615511                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       195305                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       842084                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBHits         778648                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.usedRAS         202975                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         8748                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.icacheStallCycles     19193196                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Insts             11209338                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Branches           1975824                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.predictedBranches       981623                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Cycles             2348310                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.SquashCycles        564897                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.BlockedCycles       343500                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           26                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.CacheLines         1181925                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.IcacheSquashes       196663                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::samples     22250362                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.615728                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.967036                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::0       19902052     89.45%     89.45% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::1         126959      0.57%     90.02% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::2         200532      0.90%     90.92% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::3         318485      1.43%     92.35% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::4         133172      0.60%     92.95% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::5         149790      0.67%     93.62% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::6         157790      0.71%     94.33% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::7         104351      0.47%     94.80% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::8        1157231      5.20%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::total     22250362                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.branchRate        0.081091                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rate              0.460052                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.decode.IdleCycles       19018567                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BlockedCycles       519937                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus15.decode.RunCycles         2340710                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus15.decode.UnblockCycles         6089                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.decode.SquashCycles       365057                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BranchResolved       324107                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BranchMispred          274                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus15.decode.DecodedInsts     13689017                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus15.decode.SquashedInsts         1622                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus15.rename.SquashCycles       365057                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.rename.IdleCycles       19046905                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus15.rename.BlockCycles        167736                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus15.rename.serializeStallCycles       269539                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RunCycles         2319064                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus15.rename.UnblockCycles        82059                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenamedInsts     13679990                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus15.rename.ROBFullEvents         2404                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.IQFullEvents        23565                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.LSQFullEvents        30798                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.FullRegisterEvents         3860                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenamedOperands     18990957                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenameLookups     63630675                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus15.rename.int_rename_lookups     63630675                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus15.rename.CommittedMaps     16202281                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.UndoneMaps        2788676                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus15.rename.serializingInsts         3442                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.tempSerializingInsts         1873                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.skidInsts          249704                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.insertedLoads      1306218                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.insertedStores       701774                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.conflictingLoads        21118                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.conflictingStores       159462                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqInstsAdded         13659753                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3452                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqInstsIssued        12928014                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        16490                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1738273                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      3862685                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          290                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     22250362                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.581025                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.272868                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     16799823     75.50%     75.50% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2186631      9.83%     85.33% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1196051      5.38%     90.71% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       817180      3.67%     94.38% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       762340      3.43%     97.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       219788      0.99%     98.79% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       170449      0.77%     99.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        58053      0.26%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        40047      0.18%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     22250362                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          3117     12.75%     12.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::MemRead         9430     38.58%     51.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        11894     48.66%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     10829378     83.77%     83.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       203997      1.58%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1567      0.01%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1195950      9.25%     94.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       697122      5.39%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::total     12928014                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.rate                 0.530589                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_busy_cnt             24441                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001891                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     48147321                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     15401633                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     12717803                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_alu_accesses     12952455                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        38933                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       236891                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           30                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          160                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        21854                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          843                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewSquashCycles       365057                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewBlockCycles        114673                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewUnblockCycles        11853                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     13663229                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          117                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1306218                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       701774                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         1873                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewIQFullEvents         8832                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            2                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus15.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          160                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus15.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       113523                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus15.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       111615                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus15.iew.branchMispredicts       225138                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecutedInsts     12742480                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1124654                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       185534                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_nop                  24                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_refs            1821387                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_branches        1792630                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_stores           696733                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_rate           0.522974                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_sent             12718027                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_count            12717803                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_producers         7435901                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_consumers        19418945                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_rate             0.521962                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_fanout           0.382920                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitCommittedInsts      9517109                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitCommittedOps     11665393                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitSquashedInsts      1997859                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         3162                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus15.commit.branchMispredicts       199180                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     21885305                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.533024                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.386067                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     17147792     78.35%     78.35% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2294199     10.48%     88.84% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       894128      4.09%     92.92% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       481087      2.20%     95.12% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       360433      1.65%     96.77% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       201252      0.92%     97.69% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       124369      0.57%     98.25% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       110889      0.51%     98.76% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       271156      1.24%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     21885305                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committedInsts      9517109                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committedOps     11665393                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.refs              1749247                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.loads             1069327                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.membars              1578                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.branches          1674359                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.int_insts        10511545                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.function_calls       237002                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.bw_lim_events       271156                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus15.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus15.rob.rob_reads           35277336                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus15.rob.rob_writes          27691598                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus15.timesIdled                311407                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus15.idleCycles               2115036                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus15.committedInsts           9517109                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.committedOps            11665393                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.committedInsts_total      9517109                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.cpi                     2.560168                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus15.cpi_total               2.560168                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus15.ipc                     0.390599                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus15.ipc_total               0.390599                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus15.int_regfile_reads       57461379                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus15.int_regfile_writes      17631801                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus15.misc_regfile_reads      12767119                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus15.misc_regfile_writes         3158                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.l2.replacements                          34344                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tagsinuse                      32762.922503                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.total_refs                          2094546                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.sampled_refs                          67099                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.avg_refs                          31.215756                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.warmup_cycle                              0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.occ_blocks::writebacks           197.413567                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.inst    25.683521                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.data   468.103574                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.inst    20.552968                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.data  1253.698477                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.inst    19.525827                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.data  1122.185017                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.inst    23.997322                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.data   560.117127                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.inst    17.807634                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.data  1261.847423                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.inst    21.156821                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.data   576.000054                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.inst    24.528565                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.data   570.932200                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.inst    24.382704                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.data   471.873976                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.inst    24.126150                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.data   472.679388                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.inst    18.373361                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.data  1265.532845                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.inst    18.784567                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.data  1118.624429                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.inst    24.403512                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.data   566.164090                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.inst    18.690542                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.data  1264.971554                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.inst    21.696190                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.data   735.926898                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.inst    19.655570                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.data  1269.064020                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.inst    18.879747                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.data  1126.015259                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu00.data           796.668187                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu01.data          1361.549737                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu02.data          1385.099584                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu03.data           933.016432                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu04.data          1345.980343                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu05.data           911.079756                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu06.data           937.594080                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu07.data           774.618510                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu08.data           769.704987                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu09.data          1336.746403                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu10.data          1354.615205                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu11.data           924.190002                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu12.data          1362.697854                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu13.data          1207.452074                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu14.data          1344.991980                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu15.data          1373.522468                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_percent::writebacks            0.006025                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000784                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.data     0.014285                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000627                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.data     0.038260                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000596                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.data     0.034246                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000732                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.data     0.017093                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000543                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.data     0.038509                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000646                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.data     0.017578                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000749                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.data     0.017423                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000744                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.data     0.014400                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000736                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.data     0.014425                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000561                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.data     0.038621                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000573                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.data     0.034138                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000745                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.data     0.017278                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000570                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.data     0.038604                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000662                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.data     0.022459                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000600                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.data     0.038729                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000576                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.data     0.034363                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu00.data            0.024312                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu01.data            0.041551                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu02.data            0.042270                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu03.data            0.028473                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu04.data            0.041076                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu05.data            0.027804                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu06.data            0.028613                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu07.data            0.023639                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu08.data            0.023490                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu09.data            0.040794                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu10.data            0.041340                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu11.data            0.028204                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu12.data            0.041586                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu13.data            0.036849                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu14.data            0.041046                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu15.data            0.041917                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::total                 0.999845                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data         2558                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data         4785                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data         4102                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            3                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data         2554                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data         4761                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            3                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data         2528                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            3                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data         2548                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data         2515                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data         2505                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data         4750                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data         4126                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            3                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data         2542                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data         4771                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data         3443                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data         4739                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data         4108                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::total                   57362                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.Writeback_hits::writebacks            17683                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.Writeback_hits::total                 17683                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data           16                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data            6                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data           18                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data            6                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data           17                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data           17                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data           17                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data            4                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data           18                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data            5                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data            6                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                   205                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.data         2574                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.data         4791                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.data         4117                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            3                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.data         2572                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.data         4767                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            3                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.data         2545                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            3                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.data         2565                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.data         2530                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.data         2522                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.data         4754                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.data         4141                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            3                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.data         2560                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.data         4776                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.data         3458                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.data         4745                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.data         4123                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                    57567                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.data         2574                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.data         4791                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.data         4117                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            3                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.data         2572                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.data         4767                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            3                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.data         2545                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            3                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.data         2565                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.data         2530                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.data         2522                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.data         4754                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.data         4141                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            3                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.data         2560                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.data         4776                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.data         3458                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.data         4745                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.data         4123                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                   57567                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data         1056                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data         2975                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data         2827                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data         1322                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           32                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data         2975                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data         1341                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data         1328                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data         1090                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data         1098                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data         2995                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data         2829                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data         1327                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data         2982                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data         1777                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data         3014                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data         2817                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::total                 34331                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data            2                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data            2                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total                   5                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.data         1056                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.data         2975                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.data         2827                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.data         1322                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           32                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.data         2975                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.data         1341                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.data         1328                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.data         1090                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.data         1098                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.data         2997                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.data         2829                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.data         1327                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.data         2983                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.data         1779                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.data         3014                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.data         2817                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                  34336                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           38                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.data         1056                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           34                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.data         2975                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           35                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.data         2827                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           41                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.data         1322                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           32                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.data         2975                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           38                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.data         1341                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           40                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.data         1328                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           36                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.data         1090                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           37                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.data         1098                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           34                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.data         2997                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           35                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.data         2829                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           38                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.data         1327                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           36                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.data         2983                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           34                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.data         1779                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           36                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.data         3014                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           34                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.data         2817                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                 34336                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      5627438                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    160157627                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      5034615                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    451463921                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      5282829                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    427147222                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      6300945                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    199731681                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      4905475                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    451977578                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      5892889                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    203454519                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      5988405                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    201453513                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      5483702                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    165455995                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      5469524                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    166956667                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      5082887                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    455973759                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      5364779                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    427230780                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      5919708                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    201129812                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      5634796                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    452622683                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      5163370                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    269231960                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      5397698                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    457692337                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      5025504                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    425330166                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      5204584784                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data       275377                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data       131048                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data       299699                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total        706124                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      5627438                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    160157627                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      5034615                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    451463921                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      5282829                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    427147222                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      6300945                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    199731681                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      4905475                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    451977578                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      5892889                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    203454519                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      5988405                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    201453513                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      5483702                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    165455995                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      5469524                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    166956667                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      5082887                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    456249136                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      5364779                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    427230780                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      5919708                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    201129812                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      5634796                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    452753731                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      5163370                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    269531659                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      5397698                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    457692337                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      5025504                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    425330166                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total       5205290908                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      5627438                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    160157627                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      5034615                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    451463921                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      5282829                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    427147222                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      6300945                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    199731681                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      4905475                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    451977578                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      5892889                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    203454519                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      5988405                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    201453513                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      5483702                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    165455995                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      5469524                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    166956667                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      5082887                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    456249136                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      5364779                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    427230780                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      5919708                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    201129812                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      5634796                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    452753731                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      5163370                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    269531659                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      5397698                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    457692337                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      5025504                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    425330166                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total      5205290908                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data         3614                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data         7760                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data         6929                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           44                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data         3876                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           33                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data         7736                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data         3869                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           43                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data         3876                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data         3605                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data         3603                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data         7745                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data         6955                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data         3869                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data         7753                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data         5220                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data         7753                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data         6925                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::total               91693                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::writebacks        17683                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::total             17683                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data           16                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data            6                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data           18                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data            6                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data           17                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data           17                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data           17                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data            6                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data           18                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data            6                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data           17                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data            6                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total               210                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.data         3630                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.data         7766                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.data         6944                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           44                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.data         3894                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           33                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.data         7742                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.data         3886                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           43                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.data         3893                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.data         3620                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.data         3620                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.data         7751                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.data         6970                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.data         3887                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.data         7759                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.data         5237                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.data         7759                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.data         6940                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total                91903                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           40                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.data         3630                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           35                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.data         7766                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           36                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.data         6944                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           44                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.data         3894                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           33                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.data         7742                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           41                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.data         3886                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           43                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.data         3893                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           38                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.data         3620                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           39                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.data         3620                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           35                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.data         7751                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           36                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.data         6970                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           41                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.data         3887                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           37                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.data         7759                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           35                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.data         5237                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           37                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.data         7759                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           35                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.data         6940                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total               91903                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.950000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.292197                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.383376                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.972222                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.407995                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.931818                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.341073                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.969697                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.384566                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.926829                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.346601                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.930233                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.342621                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.947368                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.302358                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.948718                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.304746                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.386701                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.972222                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.406758                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.926829                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.342983                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.384625                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.340421                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.388753                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.406787                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::total           0.374412                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.333333                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.166667                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.117647                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.023810                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.950000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.290909                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.383080                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.972222                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.407114                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.931818                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.339497                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.969697                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.384268                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.926829                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.345085                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.930233                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.341125                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.947368                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.301105                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.948718                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.303315                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.386660                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.972222                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.405882                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.926829                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.341394                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.384457                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.339698                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.388452                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.405908                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.373611                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.950000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.290909                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.383080                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.972222                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.407114                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.931818                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.339497                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.969697                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.384268                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.926829                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.345085                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.930233                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.341125                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.947368                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.301105                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.948718                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.303315                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.386660                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.972222                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.405882                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.926829                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.341394                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.384457                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.339698                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.388452                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.405908                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.373611                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 148090.473684                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 151664.419508                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 148076.911765                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 151752.578487                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 150937.971429                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 151095.586134                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 153681.585366                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 151082.965961                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 153296.093750                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 151925.236303                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 155076.026316                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 151718.507830                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 149710.125000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 151696.922440                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 152325.055556                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 151794.490826                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 147824.972973                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 152055.252277                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 149496.676471                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 152244.994658                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 153279.400000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 151018.303287                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 155781.789474                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 151567.303693                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 156522.111111                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 151784.937290                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 151863.823529                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 151509.262802                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 149936.055556                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 151855.453550                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 147808.941176                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 150986.924388                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 151600.151001                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 137688.500000                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data       131048                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 149849.500000                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 141224.800000                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 148090.473684                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 151664.419508                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 148076.911765                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 151752.578487                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 150937.971429                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 151095.586134                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 153681.585366                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 151082.965961                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 153296.093750                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 151925.236303                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 155076.026316                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 151718.507830                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 149710.125000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 151696.922440                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 152325.055556                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 151794.490826                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 147824.972973                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 152055.252277                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 149496.676471                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 152235.280614                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 153279.400000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 151018.303287                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 155781.789474                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 151567.303693                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 156522.111111                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 151777.985585                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 151863.823529                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 151507.396852                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 149936.055556                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 151855.453550                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 147808.941176                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 150986.924388                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 151598.640144                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 148090.473684                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 151664.419508                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 148076.911765                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 151752.578487                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 150937.971429                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 151095.586134                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 153681.585366                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 151082.965961                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 153296.093750                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 151925.236303                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 155076.026316                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 151718.507830                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 149710.125000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 151696.922440                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 152325.055556                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 151794.490826                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 147824.972973                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 152055.252277                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 149496.676471                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 152235.280614                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 153279.400000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 151018.303287                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 155781.789474                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 151567.303693                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 156522.111111                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 151777.985585                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 151863.823529                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 151507.396852                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 149936.055556                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 151855.453550                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 147808.941176                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 150986.924388                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 151598.640144                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.fast_writes                               0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2.cache_copies                              0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks                 9319                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                      9319                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data         1056                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data         2975                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data         2827                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data         1322                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           32                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data         2975                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data         1341                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data         1328                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data         1090                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data         1098                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data         2995                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data         2829                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data         1327                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data         2982                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data         1777                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data         3014                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data         2817                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            34331                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data            2                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data            2                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total              5                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data         1056                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data         2975                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data         2827                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data         1322                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           32                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data         2975                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data         1341                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data         1328                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data         1090                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data         1098                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data         2997                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data         2829                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data         1327                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data         2983                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data         1779                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data         3014                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data         2817                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total             34336                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data         1056                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           34                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data         2975                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data         2827                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           41                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data         1322                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           32                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data         2975                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data         1341                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           40                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data         1328                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data         1090                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data         1098                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           34                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data         2997                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data         2829                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data         1327                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data         2983                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           34                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data         1779                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data         3014                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           34                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data         2817                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total            34336                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      3415535                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data     98662984                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      3057817                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    278356750                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      3247879                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    262613242                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      3915594                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    122728799                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      3043262                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    278826889                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      3684799                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    125362547                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      3663410                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    124149980                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      3390619                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    101995118                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      3314588                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    103006996                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      3104550                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    281647444                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      3328826                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    262494688                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      3713226                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    123860022                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      3541069                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    279097613                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      3178982                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    165746175                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      3305229                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    282291281                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      3043097                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    261336620                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3206125630                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data       158125                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data        72748                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data       183444                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       414317                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      3415535                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data     98662984                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      3057817                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    278356750                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      3247879                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    262613242                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      3915594                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    122728799                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      3043262                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    278826889                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      3684799                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    125362547                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      3663410                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    124149980                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      3390619                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    101995118                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      3314588                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    103006996                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      3104550                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    281805569                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      3328826                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    262494688                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      3713226                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    123860022                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      3541069                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    279170361                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      3178982                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    165929619                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      3305229                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    282291281                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      3043097                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    261336620                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   3206539947                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      3415535                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data     98662984                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      3057817                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    278356750                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      3247879                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    262613242                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      3915594                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    122728799                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      3043262                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    278826889                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      3684799                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    125362547                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      3663410                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    124149980                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      3390619                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    101995118                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      3314588                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    103006996                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      3104550                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    281805569                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      3328826                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    262494688                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      3713226                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    123860022                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      3541069                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    279170361                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      3178982                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    165929619                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      3305229                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    282291281                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      3043097                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    261336620                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   3206539947                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.950000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.292197                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.383376                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.407995                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.931818                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.341073                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.969697                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.384566                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.926829                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.346601                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.930233                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.342621                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.947368                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.302358                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.948718                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.304746                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.386701                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.406758                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.926829                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.342983                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.384625                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.340421                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.388753                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.406787                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.374412                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.333333                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.166667                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.117647                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.023810                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.950000                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.290909                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.383080                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.407114                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.931818                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.339497                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.969697                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.384268                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.926829                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.345085                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.930233                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.341125                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.947368                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.301105                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.948718                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.303315                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.386660                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.405882                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.926829                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.341394                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.384457                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.339698                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.388452                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.405908                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.373611                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.950000                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.290909                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.383080                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.407114                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.931818                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.339497                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.969697                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.384268                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.926829                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.345085                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.930233                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.341125                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.947368                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.301105                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.948718                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.303315                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.386660                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.405882                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.926829                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.341394                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.384457                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.339698                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.388452                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.405908                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.373611                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 89882.500000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 93430.856061                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 89935.794118                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 93565.294118                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 92796.542857                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 92894.673505                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 95502.292683                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 92835.702723                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 95101.937500                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 93723.324034                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 96968.394737                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 93484.375093                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 91585.250000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 93486.430723                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 94183.861111                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 93573.502752                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 89583.459459                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 93813.293260                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 91310.294118                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 94039.213356                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 95109.314286                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 92787.093673                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 97716.473684                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 93338.373775                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 98363.027778                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 93594.102280                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 93499.470588                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 93273.030388                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 91811.916667                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 93660.013603                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 89502.852941                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 92771.253106                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 93388.646704                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 79062.500000                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data        72748                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data        91722                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 82863.400000                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 89882.500000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 93430.856061                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 89935.794118                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 93565.294118                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 92796.542857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 92894.673505                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 95502.292683                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 92835.702723                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 95101.937500                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 93723.324034                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 96968.394737                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 93484.375093                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 91585.250000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 93486.430723                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 94183.861111                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 93573.502752                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 89583.459459                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 93813.293260                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 91310.294118                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 94029.218886                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 95109.314286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 92787.093673                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 97716.473684                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 93338.373775                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 98363.027778                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 93587.113979                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 93499.470588                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 93271.286678                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 91811.916667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 93660.013603                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 89502.852941                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 92771.253106                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 93387.114020                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 89882.500000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 93430.856061                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 89935.794118                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 93565.294118                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 92796.542857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 92894.673505                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 95502.292683                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 92835.702723                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 95101.937500                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 93723.324034                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 96968.394737                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 93484.375093                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 91585.250000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 93486.430723                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 94183.861111                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 93573.502752                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 89583.459459                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 93813.293260                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 91310.294118                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 94029.218886                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 95109.314286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 92787.093673                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 97716.473684                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 93338.373775                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 98363.027778                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 93587.113979                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 93499.470588                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 93271.286678                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 91811.916667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 93660.013603                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 89502.852941                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 92771.253106                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 93387.114020                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.no_allocate_misses                        0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu00.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu00.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu00.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu00.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu00.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu00.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu00.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu00.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu00.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu00.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu00.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu00.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu00.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu00.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu00.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu00.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu00.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu00.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu00.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu00.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu00.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu00.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu00.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu00.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu00.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu00.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu00.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu00.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu00.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu00.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu00.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu00.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu00.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu00.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu00.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu00.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu00.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu00.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu00.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu00.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu00.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu00.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu00.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu00.icache.tagsinuse              489.872429                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu00.icache.total_refs             1001202202                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.sampled_refs                  495                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.avg_refs             2022630.711111                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu00.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.inst    34.872429                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.icache.occ_blocks::cpu00.inst          455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.inst     0.055885                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::cpu00.inst     0.729167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::total       0.785052                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.inst      1194102                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1194102                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.inst      1194102                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_hits::total        1194102                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.inst      1194102                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_hits::total       1194102                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           51                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           51                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           51                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_misses::total           51                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           51                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_misses::total           51                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      8262259                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      8262259                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      8262259                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      8262259                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      8262259                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      8262259                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst      1194153                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1194153                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst      1194153                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_accesses::total      1194153                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst      1194153                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_accesses::total      1194153                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000043                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000043                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000043                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000043                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000043                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000043                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 162005.078431                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 162005.078431                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 162005.078431                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 162005.078431                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 162005.078431                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 162005.078431                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu00.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst           11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           40                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      6630304                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6630304                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      6630304                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      6630304                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      6630304                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      6630304                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000033                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000033                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000033                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000033                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000033                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000033                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 165757.600000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 165757.600000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 165757.600000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 165757.600000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 165757.600000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 165757.600000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu00.dcache.replacements                 3630                       # number of replacements
system.cpu00.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu00.dcache.total_refs              148429000                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.sampled_refs                 3886                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_refs             38195.831189                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.data   220.288242                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu00.data    35.711758                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.data     0.860501                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::cpu00.data     0.139499                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data       952404                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        952404                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data       706660                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       706660                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data         1820                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1820                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data         1721                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1721                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.data      1659064                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_hits::total        1659064                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.data      1659064                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_hits::total       1659064                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data         9235                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         9235                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data           81                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           81                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.data         9316                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_misses::total         9316                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.data         9316                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_misses::total         9316                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    961506740                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    961506740                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data      6104040                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      6104040                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    967610780                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    967610780                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    967610780                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    967610780                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data       961639                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       961639                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data       706741                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       706741                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data         1820                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1820                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data         1721                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1721                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.data      1668380                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1668380                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.data      1668380                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1668380                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.009603                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009603                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.000115                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000115                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.005584                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005584                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.005584                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005584                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 104115.510558                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 104115.510558                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 75358.518519                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 75358.518519                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 103865.476599                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 103865.476599                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 103865.476599                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 103865.476599                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu00.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu00.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          793                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu00.dcache.writebacks::total             793                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data         5621                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         5621                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data           65                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           65                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data         5686                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         5686                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data         5686                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         5686                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data         3614                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         3614                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data           16                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           16                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data         3630                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         3630                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data         3630                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         3630                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    344843762                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    344843762                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data      1173013                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1173013                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    346016775                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    346016775                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    346016775                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    346016775                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.003758                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003758                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.002176                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002176                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.002176                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002176                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 95418.860542                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 95418.860542                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 73313.312500                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 73313.312500                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 95321.425620                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 95321.425620                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 95321.425620                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 95321.425620                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu01.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu01.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu01.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu01.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu01.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu01.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu01.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu01.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu01.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu01.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu01.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu01.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu01.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu01.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu01.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu01.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu01.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu01.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu01.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu01.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu01.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu01.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu01.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu01.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu01.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu01.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu01.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu01.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu01.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu01.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu01.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu01.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu01.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu01.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu01.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu01.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu01.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu01.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu01.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu01.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu01.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu01.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu01.icache.replacements                    1                       # number of replacements
system.cpu01.icache.tagsinuse              568.142550                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu01.icache.total_refs             1028872564                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.sampled_refs                  578                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.avg_refs             1780056.339100                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu01.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.inst    25.781165                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.icache.occ_blocks::cpu01.inst   542.361386                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.inst     0.041316                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::cpu01.inst     0.869169                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::total       0.910485                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.inst      1157243                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1157243                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.inst      1157243                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_hits::total        1157243                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.inst      1157243                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_hits::total       1157243                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           45                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           45                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           45                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_misses::total           45                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           45                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_misses::total           45                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      7314311                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      7314311                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      7314311                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      7314311                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      7314311                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      7314311                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst      1157288                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1157288                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst      1157288                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_accesses::total      1157288                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst      1157288                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_accesses::total      1157288                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000039                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000039                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000039                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000039                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000039                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000039                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 162540.244444                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 162540.244444                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 162540.244444                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 162540.244444                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 162540.244444                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 162540.244444                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu01.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst           10                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      5868156                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5868156                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      5868156                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      5868156                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      5868156                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      5868156                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 167661.600000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 167661.600000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 167661.600000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 167661.600000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 167661.600000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 167661.600000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu01.dcache.replacements                 7766                       # number of replacements
system.cpu01.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu01.dcache.total_refs              405422975                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.sampled_refs                 8022                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_refs             50538.889928                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.data   111.082260                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu01.data   144.917740                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.data     0.433915                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::cpu01.data     0.566085                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data      3028719                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       3028719                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data      1657446                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      1657446                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data          812                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          812                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data          808                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          808                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.data      4686165                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_hits::total        4686165                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.data      4686165                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_hits::total       4686165                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data        27505                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        27505                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data           20                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           20                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.data        27525                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_misses::total        27525                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.data        27525                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_misses::total        27525                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   3161789192                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   3161789192                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data      1549456                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      1549456                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   3163338648                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   3163338648                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   3163338648                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   3163338648                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data      3056224                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      3056224                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data      1657466                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      1657466                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data          812                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          812                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data          808                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          808                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.data      4713690                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_accesses::total      4713690                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.data      4713690                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_accesses::total      4713690                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.009000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.000012                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000012                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.005839                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005839                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.005839                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005839                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 114953.251845                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 114953.251845                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 77472.800000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 77472.800000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 114926.018093                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 114926.018093                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 114926.018093                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 114926.018093                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu01.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu01.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         1515                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu01.dcache.writebacks::total            1515                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data        19745                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        19745                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data           14                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           14                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data        19759                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        19759                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data        19759                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        19759                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data         7760                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         7760                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data            6                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            6                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data         7766                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         7766                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data         7766                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         7766                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    824913654                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    824913654                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data       396446                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       396446                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    825310100                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    825310100                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    825310100                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    825310100                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.002539                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002539                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.001648                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001648                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.001648                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001648                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 106303.305928                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 106303.305928                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 66074.333333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 66074.333333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 106272.225084                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 106272.225084                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 106272.225084                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 106272.225084                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu02.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu02.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu02.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu02.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu02.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu02.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu02.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu02.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu02.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu02.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu02.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu02.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu02.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu02.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu02.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu02.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu02.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu02.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu02.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu02.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu02.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu02.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu02.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu02.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu02.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu02.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu02.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu02.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu02.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu02.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu02.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu02.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu02.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu02.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu02.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu02.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu02.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu02.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu02.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu02.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu02.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu02.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu02.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu02.icache.tagsinuse              517.003160                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu02.icache.total_refs             1003849517                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.sampled_refs                  526                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.avg_refs             1908459.157795                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu02.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.inst    27.003160                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.icache.occ_blocks::cpu02.inst          490                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.inst     0.043274                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::cpu02.inst     0.785256                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::total       0.828531                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.inst      1181836                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1181836                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.inst      1181836                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_hits::total        1181836                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.inst      1181836                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_hits::total       1181836                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           48                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           48                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           48                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_misses::total           48                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           48                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_misses::total           48                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      7581657                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      7581657                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      7581657                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      7581657                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      7581657                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      7581657                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst      1181884                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1181884                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst      1181884                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_accesses::total      1181884                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst      1181884                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_accesses::total      1181884                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000041                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000041                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000041                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000041                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000041                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000041                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 157951.187500                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 157951.187500                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 157951.187500                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 157951.187500                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 157951.187500                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 157951.187500                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu02.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst           12                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst           12                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst           12                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      5886488                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5886488                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      5886488                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      5886488                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      5886488                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      5886488                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 163513.555556                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 163513.555556                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 163513.555556                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 163513.555556                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 163513.555556                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 163513.555556                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu02.dcache.replacements                 6943                       # number of replacements
system.cpu02.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu02.dcache.total_refs              166883511                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.sampled_refs                 7199                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_refs             23181.485067                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.data   227.629826                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu02.data    28.370174                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.data     0.889179                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::cpu02.data     0.110821                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data       818073                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        818073                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data       676576                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       676576                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data         1876                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1876                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data         1578                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1578                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.data      1494649                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_hits::total        1494649                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.data      1494649                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_hits::total       1494649                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data        17826                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        17826                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data           87                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           87                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.data        17913                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_misses::total        17913                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.data        17913                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_misses::total        17913                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   2112283139                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2112283139                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data      7554755                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      7554755                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   2119837894                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   2119837894                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   2119837894                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   2119837894                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data       835899                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       835899                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data       676663                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       676663                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data         1876                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1876                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data         1578                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1578                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.data      1512562                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1512562                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.data      1512562                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1512562                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.021326                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021326                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.000129                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000129                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.011843                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.011843                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.011843                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.011843                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 118494.510210                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 118494.510210                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 86836.264368                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 86836.264368                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 118340.752191                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 118340.752191                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 118340.752191                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 118340.752191                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu02.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu02.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          900                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu02.dcache.writebacks::total             900                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data        10897                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        10897                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data           72                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           72                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data        10969                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        10969                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data        10969                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        10969                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data         6929                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         6929                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data           15                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           15                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data         6944                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         6944                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data         6944                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         6944                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    735388037                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    735388037                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data      1068995                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1068995                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    736457032                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    736457032                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    736457032                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    736457032                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.008289                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.008289                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.004591                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004591                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.004591                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004591                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 106131.914706                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 106131.914706                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 71266.333333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 71266.333333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 106056.600230                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 106056.600230                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 106056.600230                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 106056.600230                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu03.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu03.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu03.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu03.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu03.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu03.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu03.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu03.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu03.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu03.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu03.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu03.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu03.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu03.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu03.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu03.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu03.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu03.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu03.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu03.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu03.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu03.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu03.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu03.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu03.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu03.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu03.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu03.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu03.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu03.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu03.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu03.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu03.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu03.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu03.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu03.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu03.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu03.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu03.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu03.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu03.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu03.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu03.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu03.icache.tagsinuse              511.790523                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu03.icache.total_refs              998098978                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.sampled_refs                  519                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.avg_refs             1923119.418112                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu03.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.inst    36.790523                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.icache.occ_blocks::cpu03.inst          475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.inst     0.058959                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::cpu03.inst     0.761218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::total       0.820177                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.inst      1186507                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1186507                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.inst      1186507                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_hits::total        1186507                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.inst      1186507                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_hits::total       1186507                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           53                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           53                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           53                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_misses::total           53                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           53                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_misses::total           53                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     10206064                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     10206064                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     10206064                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     10206064                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     10206064                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     10206064                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst      1186560                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1186560                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst      1186560                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_accesses::total      1186560                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst      1186560                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_accesses::total      1186560                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000045                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000045                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000045                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000045                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000045                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000045                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 192567.245283                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 192567.245283                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 192567.245283                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 192567.245283                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 192567.245283                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 192567.245283                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu03.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            9                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           44                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           44                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           44                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           44                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           44                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           44                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      8394734                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      8394734                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      8394734                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      8394734                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      8394734                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      8394734                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000037                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000037                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000037                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000037                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000037                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000037                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 190789.409091                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 190789.409091                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 190789.409091                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 190789.409091                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 190789.409091                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 190789.409091                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu03.dcache.replacements                 3894                       # number of replacements
system.cpu03.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu03.dcache.total_refs              152130626                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.sampled_refs                 4150                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_refs             36657.982169                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.data   223.094882                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu03.data    32.905118                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.data     0.871464                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::cpu03.data     0.128536                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data       815958                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        815958                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data       685677                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       685677                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data         1740                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1740                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data         1653                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1653                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.data      1501635                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_hits::total        1501635                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.data      1501635                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_hits::total       1501635                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data        12486                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        12486                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data          108                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          108                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.data        12594                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_misses::total        12594                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.data        12594                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_misses::total        12594                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   1479891577                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1479891577                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data      9510205                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      9510205                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   1489401782                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   1489401782                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   1489401782                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   1489401782                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data       828444                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       828444                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data       685785                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       685785                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data         1740                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1740                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data         1653                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1653                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.data      1514229                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1514229                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.data      1514229                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1514229                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.015072                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.015072                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.000157                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000157                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.008317                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008317                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.008317                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008317                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 118524.073122                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 118524.073122                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 88057.453704                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 88057.453704                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 118262.806257                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 118262.806257                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 118262.806257                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 118262.806257                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu03.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu03.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          826                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu03.dcache.writebacks::total             826                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data         8610                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         8610                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data           90                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           90                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data         8700                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         8700                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data         8700                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         8700                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data         3876                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         3876                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data           18                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           18                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data         3894                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         3894                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data         3894                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         3894                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    386387520                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    386387520                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data      1274623                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1274623                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    387662143                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    387662143                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    387662143                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    387662143                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.004679                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004679                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.002572                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002572                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.002572                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002572                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 99687.182663                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 99687.182663                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 70812.388889                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 70812.388889                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 99553.709040                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 99553.709040                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 99553.709040                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 99553.709040                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu04.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu04.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu04.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu04.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu04.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu04.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu04.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu04.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu04.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu04.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu04.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu04.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu04.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu04.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu04.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu04.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu04.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu04.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu04.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu04.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu04.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu04.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu04.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu04.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu04.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu04.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu04.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu04.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu04.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu04.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu04.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu04.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu04.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu04.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu04.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu04.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu04.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu04.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu04.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu04.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu04.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu04.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu04.icache.replacements                    2                       # number of replacements
system.cpu04.icache.tagsinuse              566.188970                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu04.icache.total_refs             1028872443                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.sampled_refs                  576                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.avg_refs             1786236.880208                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu04.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.inst    24.067136                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.icache.occ_blocks::cpu04.inst   542.121833                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.inst     0.038569                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::cpu04.inst     0.868785                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::total       0.907354                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.inst      1157122                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1157122                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.inst      1157122                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_hits::total        1157122                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.inst      1157122                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_hits::total       1157122                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           44                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           44                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           44                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_misses::total           44                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           44                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_misses::total           44                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      7314658                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      7314658                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      7314658                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      7314658                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      7314658                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      7314658                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst      1157166                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1157166                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst      1157166                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_accesses::total      1157166                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst      1157166                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_accesses::total      1157166                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000038                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000038                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000038                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000038                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000038                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000038                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 166242.227273                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 166242.227273                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 166242.227273                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 166242.227273                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 166242.227273                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 166242.227273                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu04.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst           11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           33                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           33                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           33                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           33                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           33                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           33                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      5754749                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5754749                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      5754749                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      5754749                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      5754749                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      5754749                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 174386.333333                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 174386.333333                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 174386.333333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 174386.333333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 174386.333333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 174386.333333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu04.dcache.replacements                 7742                       # number of replacements
system.cpu04.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu04.dcache.total_refs              405412851                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.sampled_refs                 7998                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_refs             50689.278695                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.data   111.062706                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu04.data   144.937294                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.data     0.433839                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::cpu04.data     0.566161                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data      3022205                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       3022205                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data      1653841                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      1653841                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data          809                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          809                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data          806                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          806                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.data      4676046                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_hits::total        4676046                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.data      4676046                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_hits::total       4676046                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data        27351                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        27351                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data           20                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           20                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.data        27371                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_misses::total        27371                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.data        27371                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_misses::total        27371                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   3158495610                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   3158495610                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data      1543870                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      1543870                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   3160039480                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   3160039480                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   3160039480                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   3160039480                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data      3049556                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      3049556                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data      1653861                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      1653861                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data          809                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          809                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data          806                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          806                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.data      4703417                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_accesses::total      4703417                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.data      4703417                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_accesses::total      4703417                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.008969                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.008969                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.000012                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000012                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.005819                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005819                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.005819                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005819                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 115480.077876                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 115480.077876                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 77193.500000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 77193.500000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 115452.101860                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 115452.101860                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 115452.101860                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 115452.101860                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu04.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu04.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         1549                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu04.dcache.writebacks::total            1549                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data        19615                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        19615                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data           14                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           14                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data        19629                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        19629                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data        19629                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        19629                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data         7736                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         7736                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data            6                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            6                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data         7742                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         7742                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data         7742                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         7742                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    823669305                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    823669305                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data       427793                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       427793                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    824097098                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    824097098                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    824097098                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    824097098                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.002537                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002537                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.001646                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001646                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.001646                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001646                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 106472.247285                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 106472.247285                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 71298.833333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 71298.833333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 106444.988117                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 106444.988117                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 106444.988117                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 106444.988117                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu05.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu05.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu05.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu05.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu05.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu05.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu05.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu05.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu05.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu05.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu05.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu05.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu05.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu05.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu05.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu05.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu05.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu05.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu05.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu05.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu05.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu05.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu05.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu05.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu05.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu05.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu05.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu05.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu05.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu05.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu05.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu05.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu05.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu05.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu05.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu05.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu05.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu05.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu05.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu05.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu05.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu05.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu05.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu05.icache.tagsinuse              510.401496                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu05.icache.total_refs              998098626                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.sampled_refs                  516                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.avg_refs             1934299.662791                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu05.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.inst    35.401496                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.icache.occ_blocks::cpu05.inst          475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.inst     0.056733                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::cpu05.inst     0.761218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::total       0.817951                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.inst      1186155                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1186155                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.inst      1186155                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_hits::total        1186155                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.inst      1186155                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_hits::total       1186155                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           49                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           49                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           49                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_misses::total           49                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           49                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_misses::total           49                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      9358701                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      9358701                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      9358701                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      9358701                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      9358701                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      9358701                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst      1186204                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1186204                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst      1186204                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_accesses::total      1186204                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst      1186204                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_accesses::total      1186204                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000041                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000041                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000041                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000041                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000041                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000041                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 190993.897959                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 190993.897959                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 190993.897959                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 190993.897959                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 190993.897959                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 190993.897959                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu05.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            8                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            8                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            8                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           41                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           41                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           41                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           41                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      7830234                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      7830234                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      7830234                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      7830234                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      7830234                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      7830234                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000035                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000035                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000035                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000035                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000035                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000035                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 190981.317073                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 190981.317073                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 190981.317073                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 190981.317073                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 190981.317073                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 190981.317073                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu05.dcache.replacements                 3886                       # number of replacements
system.cpu05.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu05.dcache.total_refs              152130156                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.sampled_refs                 4142                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_refs             36728.671173                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.data   223.081197                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu05.data    32.918803                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.data     0.871411                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::cpu05.data     0.128589                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data       815823                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        815823                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data       685397                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       685397                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data         1689                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1689                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data         1649                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1649                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.data      1501220                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_hits::total        1501220                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.data      1501220                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_hits::total       1501220                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data        12397                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        12397                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data          100                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          100                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.data        12497                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_misses::total        12497                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.data        12497                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_misses::total        12497                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   1484064415                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1484064415                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data      8480010                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      8480010                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   1492544425                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   1492544425                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   1492544425                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   1492544425                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data       828220                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       828220                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data       685497                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       685497                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data         1689                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1689                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data         1649                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1649                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.data      1513717                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1513717                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.data      1513717                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1513717                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.014968                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.014968                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.000146                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000146                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.008256                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008256                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.008256                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008256                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 119711.576591                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 119711.576591                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 84800.100000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 84800.100000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 119432.217732                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 119432.217732                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 119432.217732                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 119432.217732                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu05.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu05.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          825                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu05.dcache.writebacks::total             825                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data         8528                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         8528                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data           83                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           83                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data         8611                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         8611                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data         8611                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         8611                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data         3869                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         3869                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data           17                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           17                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data         3886                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         3886                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data         3886                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         3886                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    390151235                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    390151235                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data      1204108                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1204108                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    391355343                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    391355343                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    391355343                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    391355343                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.004671                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004671                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.000025                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000025                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.002567                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002567                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.002567                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002567                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 100840.329543                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 100840.329543                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 70829.882353                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 70829.882353                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 100709.043489                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 100709.043489                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 100709.043489                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 100709.043489                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu06.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu06.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu06.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu06.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu06.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu06.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu06.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu06.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu06.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu06.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu06.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu06.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu06.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu06.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu06.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu06.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu06.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu06.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu06.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu06.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu06.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu06.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu06.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu06.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu06.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu06.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu06.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu06.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu06.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu06.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu06.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu06.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu06.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu06.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu06.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu06.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu06.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu06.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu06.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu06.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu06.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu06.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu06.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu06.icache.tagsinuse              511.194678                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu06.icache.total_refs              998098611                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.sampled_refs                  518                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.avg_refs             1926831.295367                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu06.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.inst    36.194678                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.icache.occ_blocks::cpu06.inst          475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.inst     0.058004                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::cpu06.inst     0.761218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::total       0.819222                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.inst      1186140                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1186140                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.inst      1186140                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_hits::total        1186140                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.inst      1186140                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_hits::total       1186140                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           55                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           55                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           55                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_misses::total           55                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           55                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_misses::total           55                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      9959826                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      9959826                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      9959826                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      9959826                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      9959826                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      9959826                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst      1186195                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1186195                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst      1186195                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_accesses::total      1186195                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst      1186195                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_accesses::total      1186195                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000046                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000046                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000046                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000046                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000046                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000046                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 181087.745455                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 181087.745455                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 181087.745455                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 181087.745455                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 181087.745455                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 181087.745455                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu06.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst           12                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst           12                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst           12                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           43                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           43                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           43                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           43                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           43                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           43                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      8003220                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      8003220                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      8003220                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      8003220                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      8003220                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      8003220                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000036                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000036                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000036                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000036                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000036                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000036                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 186121.395349                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 186121.395349                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 186121.395349                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 186121.395349                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 186121.395349                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 186121.395349                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu06.dcache.replacements                 3893                       # number of replacements
system.cpu06.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu06.dcache.total_refs              152130023                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.sampled_refs                 4149                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_refs             36666.672210                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.data   223.094156                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu06.data    32.905844                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.data     0.871462                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::cpu06.data     0.128538                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data       815567                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        815567                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data       685462                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       685462                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data         1745                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1745                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data         1651                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1651                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.data      1501029                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_hits::total        1501029                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.data      1501029                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_hits::total       1501029                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data        12458                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        12458                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data          100                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          100                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.data        12558                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_misses::total        12558                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.data        12558                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_misses::total        12558                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   1488130219                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1488130219                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data      9146492                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      9146492                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   1497276711                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   1497276711                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   1497276711                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   1497276711                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data       828025                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       828025                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data       685562                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       685562                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data         1745                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1745                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data         1651                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1651                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.data      1513587                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1513587                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.data      1513587                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1513587                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.015045                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.015045                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.000146                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000146                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.008297                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008297                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.008297                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008297                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 119451.775486                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 119451.775486                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 91464.920000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 91464.920000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 119228.914716                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 119228.914716                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 119228.914716                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 119228.914716                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu06.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu06.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          825                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu06.dcache.writebacks::total             825                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data         8582                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         8582                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data           83                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           83                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data         8665                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         8665                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data         8665                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         8665                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data         3876                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         3876                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data           17                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           17                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data         3893                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         3893                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data         3893                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         3893                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    389180767                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    389180767                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data      1317239                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1317239                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    390498006                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    390498006                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    390498006                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    390498006                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.004681                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004681                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.000025                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000025                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.002572                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002572                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.002572                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002572                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 100407.834623                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 100407.834623                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 77484.647059                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 77484.647059                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 100307.733368                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 100307.733368                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 100307.733368                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 100307.733368                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu07.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu07.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu07.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu07.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu07.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu07.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu07.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu07.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu07.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu07.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu07.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu07.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu07.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu07.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu07.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu07.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu07.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu07.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu07.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu07.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu07.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu07.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu07.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu07.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu07.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu07.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu07.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu07.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu07.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu07.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu07.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu07.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu07.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu07.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu07.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu07.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu07.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu07.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu07.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu07.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu07.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu07.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu07.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu07.icache.tagsinuse              489.427696                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu07.icache.total_refs             1001202216                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.sampled_refs                  493                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.avg_refs             2030836.137931                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu07.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.inst    34.427696                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.icache.occ_blocks::cpu07.inst          455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.inst     0.055173                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::cpu07.inst     0.729167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::total       0.784339                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.inst      1194116                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1194116                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.inst      1194116                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_hits::total        1194116                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.inst      1194116                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_hits::total       1194116                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           52                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           52                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           52                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_misses::total           52                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           52                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_misses::total           52                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      8577005                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      8577005                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      8577005                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      8577005                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      8577005                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      8577005                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst      1194168                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1194168                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst      1194168                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_accesses::total      1194168                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst      1194168                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_accesses::total      1194168                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000044                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000044                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000044                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000044                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000044                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000044                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 164942.403846                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 164942.403846                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 164942.403846                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 164942.403846                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 164942.403846                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 164942.403846                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu07.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           14                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      6537374                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6537374                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      6537374                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      6537374                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      6537374                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      6537374                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 172036.157895                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 172036.157895                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 172036.157895                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 172036.157895                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 172036.157895                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 172036.157895                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu07.dcache.replacements                 3620                       # number of replacements
system.cpu07.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu07.dcache.total_refs              148426557                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.sampled_refs                 3876                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_refs             38293.745356                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.data   220.348396                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu07.data    35.651604                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.data     0.860736                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::cpu07.data     0.139264                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data       951021                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        951021                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data       705615                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       705615                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data         1809                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1809                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data         1717                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1717                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.data      1656636                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_hits::total        1656636                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.data      1656636                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_hits::total       1656636                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data         9234                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         9234                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data           62                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           62                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.data         9296                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_misses::total         9296                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.data         9296                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_misses::total         9296                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    972171501                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    972171501                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data      5699518                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      5699518                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    977871019                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    977871019                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    977871019                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    977871019                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data       960255                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       960255                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data       705677                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       705677                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data         1809                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1809                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data         1717                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1717                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.data      1665932                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1665932                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.data      1665932                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1665932                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.009616                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009616                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.000088                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000088                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.005580                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005580                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.005580                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005580                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 105281.730669                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 105281.730669                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 91927.709677                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 91927.709677                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 105192.665555                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 105192.665555                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 105192.665555                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 105192.665555                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu07.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu07.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          810                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu07.dcache.writebacks::total             810                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data         5629                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         5629                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data           47                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           47                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data         5676                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         5676                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data         5676                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         5676                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data         3605                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         3605                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data           15                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           15                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data         3620                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         3620                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data         3620                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         3620                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    347503399                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    347503399                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data      1160277                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1160277                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    348663676                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    348663676                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    348663676                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    348663676                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.003754                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003754                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.002173                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002173                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.002173                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002173                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 96394.840222                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 96394.840222                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 77351.800000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 77351.800000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 96315.932597                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 96315.932597                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 96315.932597                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 96315.932597                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu08.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu08.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu08.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu08.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu08.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu08.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu08.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu08.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu08.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu08.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu08.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu08.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu08.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu08.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu08.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu08.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu08.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu08.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu08.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu08.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu08.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu08.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu08.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu08.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu08.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu08.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu08.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu08.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu08.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu08.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu08.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu08.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu08.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu08.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu08.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu08.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu08.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu08.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu08.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu08.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu08.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu08.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu08.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu08.icache.tagsinuse              489.834854                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu08.icache.total_refs             1001202327                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.sampled_refs                  494                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.avg_refs             2026725.358300                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu08.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.inst    34.834854                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.icache.occ_blocks::cpu08.inst          455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.inst     0.055825                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::cpu08.inst     0.729167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::total       0.784992                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.inst      1194227                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1194227                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.inst      1194227                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_hits::total        1194227                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.inst      1194227                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_hits::total       1194227                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           51                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           51                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           51                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_misses::total           51                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           51                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_misses::total           51                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      8256185                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      8256185                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      8256185                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      8256185                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      8256185                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      8256185                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst      1194278                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1194278                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst      1194278                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_accesses::total      1194278                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst      1194278                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_accesses::total      1194278                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000043                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000043                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000043                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000043                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000043                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000043                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 161885.980392                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 161885.980392                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 161885.980392                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 161885.980392                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 161885.980392                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 161885.980392                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu08.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst           12                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst           12                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst           12                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      6473054                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6473054                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      6473054                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      6473054                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      6473054                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      6473054                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000033                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000033                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000033                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000033                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000033                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000033                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 165975.743590                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 165975.743590                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 165975.743590                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 165975.743590                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 165975.743590                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 165975.743590                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu08.dcache.replacements                 3620                       # number of replacements
system.cpu08.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu08.dcache.total_refs              148426333                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.sampled_refs                 3876                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_refs             38293.687564                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.data   220.323389                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu08.data    35.676611                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.data     0.860638                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::cpu08.data     0.139362                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data       950933                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        950933                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data       705464                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       705464                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data         1824                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1824                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data         1717                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1717                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.data      1656397                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_hits::total        1656397                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.data      1656397                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_hits::total       1656397                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data         9193                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         9193                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data           93                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           93                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.data         9286                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_misses::total         9286                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.data         9286                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_misses::total         9286                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    970784051                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    970784051                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data      7467726                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      7467726                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    978251777                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    978251777                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    978251777                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    978251777                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data       960126                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       960126                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data       705557                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       705557                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data         1824                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1824                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data         1717                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1717                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.data      1665683                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1665683                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.data      1665683                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1665683                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.009575                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009575                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.000132                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000132                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.005575                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005575                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.005575                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005575                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 105600.353639                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 105600.353639                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 80298.129032                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 80298.129032                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 105346.949925                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 105346.949925                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 105346.949925                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 105346.949925                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu08.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu08.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          791                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu08.dcache.writebacks::total             791                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data         5590                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         5590                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data           76                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           76                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data         5666                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         5666                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data         5666                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         5666                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data         3603                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         3603                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data           17                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           17                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data         3620                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         3620                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data         3620                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         3620                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    348387470                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    348387470                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data      1293250                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1293250                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    349680720                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    349680720                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    349680720                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    349680720                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.003753                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003753                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.000024                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000024                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.002173                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002173                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.002173                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002173                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 96693.719123                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 96693.719123                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 76073.529412                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 76073.529412                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 96596.883978                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 96596.883978                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 96596.883978                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 96596.883978                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu09.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu09.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu09.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu09.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu09.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu09.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu09.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu09.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu09.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu09.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu09.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu09.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu09.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu09.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu09.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu09.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu09.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu09.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu09.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu09.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu09.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu09.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu09.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu09.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu09.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu09.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu09.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu09.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu09.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu09.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu09.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu09.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu09.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu09.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu09.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu09.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu09.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu09.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu09.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu09.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu09.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu09.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu09.icache.replacements                    1                       # number of replacements
system.cpu09.icache.tagsinuse              567.741273                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu09.icache.total_refs             1028872239                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.sampled_refs                  578                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.avg_refs             1780055.776817                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu09.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.inst    25.380287                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.icache.occ_blocks::cpu09.inst   542.360986                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.inst     0.040674                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::cpu09.inst     0.869168                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::total       0.909842                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.inst      1156918                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1156918                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.inst      1156918                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_hits::total        1156918                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.inst      1156918                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_hits::total       1156918                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           44                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           44                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           44                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_misses::total           44                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           44                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_misses::total           44                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      7156325                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      7156325                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      7156325                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      7156325                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      7156325                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      7156325                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst      1156962                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1156962                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst      1156962                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_accesses::total      1156962                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst      1156962                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_accesses::total      1156962                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000038                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000038                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000038                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000038                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000038                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000038                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 162643.750000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 162643.750000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 162643.750000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 162643.750000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 162643.750000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 162643.750000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu09.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            9                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      5880384                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5880384                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      5880384                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      5880384                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      5880384                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      5880384                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 168010.971429                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 168010.971429                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 168010.971429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 168010.971429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 168010.971429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 168010.971429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu09.dcache.replacements                 7751                       # number of replacements
system.cpu09.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu09.dcache.total_refs              405422910                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.sampled_refs                 8007                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_refs             50633.559386                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.data   111.059782                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu09.data   144.940218                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.data     0.433827                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::cpu09.data     0.566173                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data      3028698                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       3028698                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data      1657403                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      1657403                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data          811                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          811                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data          808                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          808                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.data      4686101                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_hits::total        4686101                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.data      4686101                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_hits::total       4686101                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data        27438                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        27438                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data           18                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           18                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.data        27456                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_misses::total        27456                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.data        27456                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_misses::total        27456                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   3155822370                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   3155822370                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data      2145722                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      2145722                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   3157968092                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   3157968092                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   3157968092                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   3157968092                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data      3056136                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      3056136                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data      1657421                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      1657421                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data          811                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          811                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data          808                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          808                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.data      4713557                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_accesses::total      4713557                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.data      4713557                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_accesses::total      4713557                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.008978                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.008978                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.000011                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000011                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.005825                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005825                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.005825                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005825                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 115016.486989                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 115016.486989                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 119206.777778                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 119206.777778                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 115019.234120                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 115019.234120                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 115019.234120                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 115019.234120                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu09.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu09.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         1495                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu09.dcache.writebacks::total            1495                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data        19693                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        19693                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data           12                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data        19705                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        19705                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data        19705                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        19705                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data         7745                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         7745                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data            6                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            6                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data         7751                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         7751                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data         7751                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         7751                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    824194210                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    824194210                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data       588885                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       588885                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    824783095                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    824783095                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    824783095                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    824783095                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.002534                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002534                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.001644                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001644                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.001644                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001644                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 106416.295675                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 106416.295675                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 98147.500000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 98147.500000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 106409.894852                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 106409.894852                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 106409.894852                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 106409.894852                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu10.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu10.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu10.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu10.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu10.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu10.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu10.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu10.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu10.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu10.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu10.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu10.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu10.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu10.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu10.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu10.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu10.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu10.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu10.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu10.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu10.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu10.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu10.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu10.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu10.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu10.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu10.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu10.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu10.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu10.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu10.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu10.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu10.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu10.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu10.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu10.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu10.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu10.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu10.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu10.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu10.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu10.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu10.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu10.icache.tagsinuse              517.623207                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu10.icache.total_refs             1003849942                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.sampled_refs                  526                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.avg_refs             1908459.965779                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu10.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.inst    27.623207                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.icache.occ_blocks::cpu10.inst          490                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.inst     0.044268                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::cpu10.inst     0.785256                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::total       0.829524                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.inst      1182261                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1182261                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.inst      1182261                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_hits::total        1182261                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.inst      1182261                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_hits::total       1182261                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           49                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           49                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           49                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_misses::total           49                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           49                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_misses::total           49                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      7739334                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      7739334                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      7739334                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      7739334                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      7739334                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      7739334                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst      1182310                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1182310                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst      1182310                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_accesses::total      1182310                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst      1182310                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_accesses::total      1182310                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000041                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000041                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000041                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000041                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000041                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000041                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 157945.591837                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 157945.591837                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 157945.591837                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 157945.591837                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 157945.591837                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 157945.591837                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu10.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst           13                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      5929906                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5929906                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      5929906                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      5929906                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      5929906                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      5929906                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 164719.611111                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 164719.611111                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 164719.611111                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 164719.611111                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 164719.611111                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 164719.611111                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu10.dcache.replacements                 6970                       # number of replacements
system.cpu10.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu10.dcache.total_refs              166885483                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.sampled_refs                 7226                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_refs             23095.140188                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.data   227.645594                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu10.data    28.354406                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.data     0.889241                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::cpu10.data     0.110759                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data       819344                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        819344                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data       677291                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       677291                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data         1860                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1860                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data         1580                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1580                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.data      1496635                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_hits::total        1496635                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.data      1496635                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_hits::total       1496635                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data        17866                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        17866                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data           91                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           91                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.data        17957                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_misses::total        17957                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.data        17957                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_misses::total        17957                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   2103778683                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2103778683                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data      7345145                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      7345145                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   2111123828                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   2111123828                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   2111123828                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   2111123828                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data       837210                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       837210                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data       677382                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       677382                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data         1860                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1860                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data         1580                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1580                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.data      1514592                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1514592                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.data      1514592                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1514592                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.021340                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021340                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.000134                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000134                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.011856                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.011856                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.011856                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.011856                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 117753.200660                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 117753.200660                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 80715.879121                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 80715.879121                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 117565.508047                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 117565.508047                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 117565.508047                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 117565.508047                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu10.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu10.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          852                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu10.dcache.writebacks::total             852                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data        10911                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        10911                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data           76                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           76                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data        10987                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        10987                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data        10987                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        10987                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data         6955                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         6955                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data           15                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           15                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data         6970                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         6970                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data         6970                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         6970                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    734673082                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    734673082                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data       989483                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       989483                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    735662565                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    735662565                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    735662565                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    735662565                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.008307                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.008307                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.004602                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004602                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.004602                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004602                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 105632.362617                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 105632.362617                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 65965.533333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 65965.533333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 105546.996413                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 105546.996413                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 105546.996413                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 105546.996413                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu11.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu11.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu11.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu11.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu11.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu11.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu11.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu11.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu11.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu11.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu11.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu11.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu11.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu11.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu11.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu11.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu11.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu11.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu11.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu11.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu11.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu11.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu11.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu11.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu11.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu11.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu11.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu11.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu11.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu11.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu11.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu11.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu11.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu11.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu11.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu11.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu11.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu11.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu11.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu11.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu11.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu11.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu11.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu11.icache.tagsinuse              510.593862                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu11.icache.total_refs              998098939                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.sampled_refs                  516                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.avg_refs             1934300.269380                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu11.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.inst    35.593862                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.icache.occ_blocks::cpu11.inst          475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.inst     0.057041                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::cpu11.inst     0.761218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::total       0.818259                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.inst      1186468                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1186468                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.inst      1186468                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_hits::total        1186468                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.inst      1186468                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_hits::total       1186468                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           51                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           51                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           51                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_misses::total           51                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           51                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_misses::total           51                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      9689343                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      9689343                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      9689343                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      9689343                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      9689343                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      9689343                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst      1186519                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1186519                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst      1186519                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_accesses::total      1186519                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst      1186519                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_accesses::total      1186519                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000043                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000043                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000043                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000043                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000043                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000043                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 189987.117647                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 189987.117647                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 189987.117647                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 189987.117647                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 189987.117647                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 189987.117647                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu11.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst           10                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           41                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           41                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           41                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           41                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      7932380                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      7932380                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      7932380                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      7932380                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      7932380                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      7932380                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000035                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000035                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000035                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000035                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000035                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000035                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 193472.682927                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 193472.682927                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 193472.682927                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 193472.682927                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 193472.682927                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 193472.682927                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu11.dcache.replacements                 3887                       # number of replacements
system.cpu11.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu11.dcache.total_refs              152130387                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.sampled_refs                 4143                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_refs             36719.861694                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.data   223.069637                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu11.data    32.930363                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.data     0.871366                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::cpu11.data     0.128634                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data       816142                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        816142                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data       685302                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       685302                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data         1695                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1695                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data         1650                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1650                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.data      1501444                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_hits::total        1501444                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.data      1501444                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_hits::total       1501444                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data        12447                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        12447                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data          105                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          105                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.data        12552                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_misses::total        12552                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.data        12552                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_misses::total        12552                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   1485389054                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1485389054                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data      8811291                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      8811291                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   1494200345                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   1494200345                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   1494200345                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   1494200345                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data       828589                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       828589                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data       685407                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       685407                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data         1695                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1695                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data         1650                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1650                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.data      1513996                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1513996                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.data      1513996                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1513996                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.015022                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.015022                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.000153                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000153                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.008291                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008291                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.008291                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008291                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 119337.113682                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 119337.113682                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 83917.057143                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 83917.057143                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 119040.817798                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 119040.817798                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 119040.817798                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 119040.817798                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu11.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu11.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          825                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu11.dcache.writebacks::total             825                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data         8578                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         8578                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data           87                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           87                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data         8665                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         8665                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data         8665                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         8665                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data         3869                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         3869                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data           18                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           18                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data         3887                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         3887                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data         3887                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         3887                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    388028823                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    388028823                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data      1229892                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1229892                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    389258715                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    389258715                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    389258715                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    389258715                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.004669                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004669                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.002567                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002567                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.002567                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002567                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 100291.760920                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 100291.760920                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 68327.333333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 68327.333333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 100143.739388                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 100143.739388                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 100143.739388                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 100143.739388                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu12.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu12.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu12.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu12.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu12.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu12.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu12.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu12.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu12.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu12.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu12.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu12.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu12.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu12.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu12.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu12.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu12.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu12.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu12.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu12.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu12.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu12.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu12.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu12.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu12.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu12.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu12.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu12.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu12.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu12.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu12.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu12.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu12.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu12.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu12.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu12.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu12.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu12.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu12.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu12.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu12.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu12.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu12.icache.replacements                    2                       # number of replacements
system.cpu12.icache.tagsinuse              569.146759                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu12.icache.total_refs             1028872500                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.sampled_refs                  580                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.avg_refs             1773918.103448                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu12.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.inst    27.026111                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.icache.occ_blocks::cpu12.inst   542.120648                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.inst     0.043311                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::cpu12.inst     0.868783                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::total       0.912094                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.inst      1157179                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1157179                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.inst      1157179                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_hits::total        1157179                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.inst      1157179                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_hits::total       1157179                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           47                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           47                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           47                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_misses::total           47                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           47                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_misses::total           47                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      8127926                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      8127926                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      8127926                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      8127926                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      8127926                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      8127926                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst      1157226                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1157226                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst      1157226                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_accesses::total      1157226                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst      1157226                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_accesses::total      1157226                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000041                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000041                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000041                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000041                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000041                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000041                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 172934.595745                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 172934.595745                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 172934.595745                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 172934.595745                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 172934.595745                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 172934.595745                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu12.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst           10                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      6797393                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6797393                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      6797393                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      6797393                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      6797393                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      6797393                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 183713.324324                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 183713.324324                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 183713.324324                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 183713.324324                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 183713.324324                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 183713.324324                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu12.dcache.replacements                 7759                       # number of replacements
system.cpu12.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu12.dcache.total_refs              405423024                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.sampled_refs                 8015                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_refs             50583.034810                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.data   111.087043                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu12.data   144.912957                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.data     0.433934                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::cpu12.data     0.566066                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data      3028931                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       3028931                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data      1657284                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      1657284                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data          811                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          811                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data          808                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          808                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.data      4686215                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_hits::total        4686215                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.data      4686215                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_hits::total       4686215                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data        27446                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        27446                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data           19                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           19                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.data        27465                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_misses::total        27465                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.data        27465                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_misses::total        27465                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   3164501344                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   3164501344                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data      1781490                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      1781490                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   3166282834                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   3166282834                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   3166282834                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   3166282834                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data      3056377                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      3056377                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data      1657303                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      1657303                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data          811                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          811                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data          808                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          808                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.data      4713680                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_accesses::total      4713680                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.data      4713680                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_accesses::total      4713680                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.008980                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.008980                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.000011                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000011                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.005827                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005827                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.005827                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005827                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 115299.181812                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 115299.181812                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 93762.631579                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 93762.631579                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 115284.283051                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 115284.283051                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 115284.283051                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 115284.283051                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu12.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu12.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         1576                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu12.dcache.writebacks::total            1576                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data        19693                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        19693                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data           13                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data        19706                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        19706                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data        19706                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        19706                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data         7753                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         7753                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data            6                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            6                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data         7759                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         7759                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data         7759                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         7759                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    823605448                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    823605448                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data       501241                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       501241                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    824106689                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    824106689                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    824106689                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    824106689                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.002537                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002537                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.001646                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001646                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.001646                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001646                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 106230.549207                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 106230.549207                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 83540.166667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 83540.166667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 106213.002835                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 106213.002835                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 106213.002835                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 106213.002835                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu13.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu13.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu13.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu13.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu13.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu13.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu13.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu13.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu13.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu13.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu13.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu13.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu13.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu13.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu13.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu13.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu13.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu13.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu13.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu13.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu13.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu13.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu13.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu13.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu13.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu13.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu13.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu13.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu13.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu13.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu13.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu13.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu13.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu13.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu13.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu13.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu13.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu13.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu13.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu13.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu13.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu13.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu13.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu13.icache.tagsinuse              511.669490                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu13.icache.total_refs              999389650                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.sampled_refs                  517                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.avg_refs             1933055.415861                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu13.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.inst    29.669490                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.icache.occ_blocks::cpu13.inst          482                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.inst     0.047547                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::cpu13.inst     0.772436                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::total       0.819983                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.inst      1169905                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1169905                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.inst      1169905                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_hits::total        1169905                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.inst      1169905                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_hits::total       1169905                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           42                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           42                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           42                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_misses::total           42                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           42                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_misses::total           42                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      6770652                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      6770652                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      6770652                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      6770652                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      6770652                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      6770652                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst      1169947                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1169947                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst      1169947                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_accesses::total      1169947                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst      1169947                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_accesses::total      1169947                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000036                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000036                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000036                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000036                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000036                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000036                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst       161206                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total       161206                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst       161206                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total       161206                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst       161206                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total       161206                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu13.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            7                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            7                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            7                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      5810590                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5810590                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      5810590                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      5810590                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      5810590                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      5810590                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 166016.857143                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 166016.857143                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 166016.857143                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 166016.857143                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 166016.857143                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 166016.857143                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu13.dcache.replacements                 5237                       # number of replacements
system.cpu13.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu13.dcache.total_refs              158029035                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.sampled_refs                 5493                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_refs             28769.167122                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.data   223.600562                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu13.data    32.399438                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.data     0.873440                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::cpu13.data     0.126560                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data       823099                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        823099                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data       696283                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       696283                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data         1674                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1674                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data         1601                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1601                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.data      1519382                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_hits::total        1519382                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.data      1519382                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_hits::total       1519382                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data        18018                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        18018                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data          418                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          418                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.data        18436                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_misses::total        18436                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.data        18436                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_misses::total        18436                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   2239734606                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2239734606                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data     46384981                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     46384981                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   2286119587                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   2286119587                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   2286119587                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   2286119587                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data       841117                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       841117                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data       696701                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       696701                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data         1674                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1674                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data         1601                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1601                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.data      1537818                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1537818                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.data      1537818                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1537818                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.021422                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021422                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.000600                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000600                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.011988                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.011988                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.011988                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.011988                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 124305.394938                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 124305.394938                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 110968.854067                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 110968.854067                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 124003.015133                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 124003.015133                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 124003.015133                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 124003.015133                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu13.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu13.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         1808                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu13.dcache.writebacks::total            1808                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data        12798                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        12798                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data          401                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          401                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data        13199                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        13199                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data        13199                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        13199                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data         5220                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         5220                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data           17                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           17                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data         5237                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         5237                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data         5237                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         5237                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    520221759                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    520221759                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data      1290034                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1290034                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    521511793                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    521511793                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    521511793                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    521511793                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.006206                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006206                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.000024                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000024                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.003405                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003405                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.003405                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003405                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 99659.340805                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 99659.340805                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 75884.352941                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 75884.352941                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 99582.164025                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 99582.164025                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 99582.164025                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 99582.164025                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu14.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu14.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu14.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu14.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu14.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu14.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu14.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu14.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu14.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu14.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu14.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu14.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu14.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu14.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu14.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu14.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu14.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu14.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu14.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu14.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu14.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu14.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu14.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu14.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu14.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu14.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu14.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu14.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu14.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu14.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu14.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu14.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu14.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu14.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu14.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu14.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu14.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu14.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu14.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu14.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu14.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu14.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu14.icache.replacements                    2                       # number of replacements
system.cpu14.icache.tagsinuse              568.737586                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu14.icache.total_refs             1028872184                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.sampled_refs                  580                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.avg_refs             1773917.558621                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu14.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.inst    27.014951                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.icache.occ_blocks::cpu14.inst   541.722635                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.inst     0.043293                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::cpu14.inst     0.868145                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::total       0.911438                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.inst      1156863                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1156863                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.inst      1156863                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_hits::total        1156863                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.inst      1156863                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_hits::total       1156863                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           46                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           46                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           46                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_misses::total           46                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           46                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_misses::total           46                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      7671169                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      7671169                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      7671169                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      7671169                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      7671169                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      7671169                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst      1156909                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1156909                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst      1156909                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_accesses::total      1156909                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst      1156909                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_accesses::total      1156909                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000040                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000040                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000040                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000040                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000040                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000040                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 166764.543478                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 166764.543478                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 166764.543478                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 166764.543478                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 166764.543478                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 166764.543478                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu14.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            9                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      6225029                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6225029                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      6225029                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      6225029                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      6225029                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      6225029                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 168244.027027                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 168244.027027                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 168244.027027                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 168244.027027                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 168244.027027                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 168244.027027                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu14.dcache.replacements                 7759                       # number of replacements
system.cpu14.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu14.dcache.total_refs              405422808                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.sampled_refs                 8015                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_refs             50583.007860                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.data   111.070093                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu14.data   144.929907                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.data     0.433868                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::cpu14.data     0.566132                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data      3028628                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       3028628                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data      1657371                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      1657371                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data          811                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          811                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data          808                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          808                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.data      4685999                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_hits::total        4685999                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.data      4685999                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_hits::total       4685999                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data        27425                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        27425                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data           19                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           19                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.data        27444                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_misses::total        27444                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.data        27444                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_misses::total        27444                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   3169094017                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   3169094017                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data      1484664                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      1484664                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   3170578681                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   3170578681                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   3170578681                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   3170578681                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data      3056053                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      3056053                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data      1657390                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      1657390                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data          811                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          811                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data          808                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          808                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.data      4713443                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_accesses::total      4713443                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.data      4713443                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_accesses::total      4713443                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.008974                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.008974                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.000011                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000011                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.005822                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005822                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.005822                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005822                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 115554.932252                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 115554.932252                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 78140.210526                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 78140.210526                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 115529.029332                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 115529.029332                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 115529.029332                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 115529.029332                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu14.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu14.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         1453                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu14.dcache.writebacks::total            1453                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data        19672                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        19672                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data           13                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data        19685                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        19685                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data        19685                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        19685                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data         7753                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         7753                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data            6                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            6                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data         7759                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         7759                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data         7759                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         7759                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    826132530                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    826132530                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data       389442                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       389442                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    826521972                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    826521972                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    826521972                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    826521972                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.002537                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002537                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.001646                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001646                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.001646                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001646                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 106556.498130                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 106556.498130                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data        64907                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        64907                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 106524.290759                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 106524.290759                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 106524.290759                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 106524.290759                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu15.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu15.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu15.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu15.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu15.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu15.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu15.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu15.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu15.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu15.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu15.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu15.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu15.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu15.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu15.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu15.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu15.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu15.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu15.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu15.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu15.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu15.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu15.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu15.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu15.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu15.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu15.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu15.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu15.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu15.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu15.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu15.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu15.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu15.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu15.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu15.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu15.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu15.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu15.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu15.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu15.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu15.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu15.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu15.icache.tagsinuse              515.765597                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu15.icache.total_refs             1003849558                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.sampled_refs                  525                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.avg_refs             1912094.396190                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu15.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.inst    25.765597                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.icache.occ_blocks::cpu15.inst          490                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.inst     0.041291                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::cpu15.inst     0.785256                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::total       0.826547                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.inst      1181877                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1181877                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.inst      1181877                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_hits::total        1181877                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.inst      1181877                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_hits::total       1181877                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           48                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           48                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           48                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_misses::total           48                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           48                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_misses::total           48                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      7146003                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      7146003                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      7146003                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      7146003                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      7146003                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      7146003                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst      1181925                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1181925                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst      1181925                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_accesses::total      1181925                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst      1181925                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_accesses::total      1181925                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000041                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000041                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000041                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000041                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000041                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000041                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 148875.062500                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 148875.062500                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 148875.062500                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 148875.062500                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 148875.062500                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 148875.062500                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu15.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst           13                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      5487484                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5487484                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      5487484                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      5487484                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      5487484                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      5487484                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 156785.257143                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 156785.257143                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 156785.257143                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 156785.257143                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 156785.257143                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 156785.257143                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu15.dcache.replacements                 6940                       # number of replacements
system.cpu15.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu15.dcache.total_refs              166883892                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.sampled_refs                 7196                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_refs             23191.202335                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.data   227.605877                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu15.data    28.394123                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.data     0.889085                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::cpu15.data     0.110915                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data       818445                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        818445                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data       676639                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       676639                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data         1821                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1821                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data         1579                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1579                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.data      1495084                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_hits::total        1495084                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.data      1495084                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_hits::total       1495084                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data        17736                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        17736                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data           91                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           91                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.data        17827                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_misses::total        17827                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.data        17827                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_misses::total        17827                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   2099596206                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2099596206                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data      7355365                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      7355365                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   2106951571                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   2106951571                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   2106951571                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   2106951571                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data       836181                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       836181                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data       676730                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       676730                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data         1821                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1821                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data         1579                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1579                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.data      1512911                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1512911                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.data      1512911                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1512911                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.021211                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021211                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.000134                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000134                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.011783                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.011783                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.011783                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.011783                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 118380.480717                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 118380.480717                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 80828.186813                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 80828.186813                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 118188.790655                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 118188.790655                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 118188.790655                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 118188.790655                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu15.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu15.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          840                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu15.dcache.writebacks::total             840                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data        10811                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        10811                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data           76                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           76                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data        10887                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        10887                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data        10887                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        10887                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data         6925                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         6925                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data           15                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           15                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data         6940                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         6940                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data         6940                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         6940                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    734086244                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    734086244                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data       995482                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       995482                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    735081726                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    735081726                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    735081726                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    735081726                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.008282                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.008282                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.004587                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004587                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.004587                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004587                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 106005.233791                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 106005.233791                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 66365.466667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 66365.466667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 105919.557061                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 105919.557061                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 105919.557061                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 105919.557061                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
