
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.010629                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 10629205317                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               537731268225                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 421970                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   542569                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                                 282512                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                               67617492                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                 37623.93                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                 15876154920                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                   20413567380                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus00.inst         4224                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus00.data       260224                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus01.inst         3584                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus01.data       266624                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus02.inst         4992                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus02.data       401152                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus03.inst         4224                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus03.data       257152                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus04.inst         4992                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus04.data       418432                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus05.inst         3200                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus05.data       274304                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus06.inst         4608                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus06.data       156032                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus07.inst         4224                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus07.data       265984                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus08.inst         4992                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus08.data       187008                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus09.inst         4224                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus09.data       255488                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus10.inst         4096                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus10.data       151040                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus11.inst         3840                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus11.data       269440                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus12.inst         4480                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus12.data       386944                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus13.inst         4992                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus13.data       191360                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus14.inst         4736                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus14.data       383872                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus15.inst         3584                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus15.data       271488                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::total              4465536                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus00.inst         4224                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus01.inst         3584                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus02.inst         4992                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus03.inst         4224                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus04.inst         4992                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus05.inst         3200                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus06.inst         4608                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus07.inst         4224                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus08.inst         4992                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus09.inst         4224                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus10.inst         4096                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus11.inst         3840                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus12.inst         4480                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus13.inst         4992                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus14.inst         4736                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus15.inst         3584                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total           68992                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks      1235712                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::total           1235712                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus00.inst           33                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus00.data         2033                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus01.inst           28                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus01.data         2083                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus02.inst           39                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus02.data         3134                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus03.inst           33                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus03.data         2009                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus04.inst           39                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus04.data         3269                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus05.inst           25                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus05.data         2143                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus06.inst           36                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus06.data         1219                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus07.inst           33                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus07.data         2078                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus08.inst           39                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus08.data         1461                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus09.inst           33                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus09.data         1996                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus10.inst           32                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus10.data         1180                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus11.inst           30                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus11.data         2105                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus12.inst           35                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus12.data         3023                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus13.inst           39                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus13.data         1495                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus14.inst           37                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus14.data         2999                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus15.inst           28                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus15.data         2121                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::total                 34887                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::writebacks            9654                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::functional               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::interrupt                0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::total                 9654                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus00.inst       397396                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus00.data     24481981                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus01.inst       337184                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus01.data     25084095                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus02.inst       469649                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus02.data     37740545                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus03.inst       397396                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus03.data     24192966                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus04.inst       469649                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus04.data     39366254                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus05.inst       301057                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus05.data     25806633                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus06.inst       433523                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus06.data     14679555                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus07.inst       397396                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus07.data     25023884                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus08.inst       469649                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus08.data     17593789                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus09.inst       397396                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus09.data     24036416                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus10.inst       385353                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus10.data     14209905                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus11.inst       361269                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus11.data     25349026                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus12.inst       421480                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus12.data     36403850                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus13.inst       469649                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus13.data     18003227                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus14.inst       445565                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus14.data     36114835                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus15.inst       337184                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus15.data     25541702                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::total               420119460                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus00.inst       397396                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus01.inst       337184                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus02.inst       469649                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus03.inst       397396                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus04.inst       469649                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus05.inst       301057                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus06.inst       433523                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus07.inst       397396                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus08.inst       469649                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus09.inst       397396                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus10.inst       385353                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus11.inst       361269                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus12.inst       421480                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus13.inst       469649                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus14.inst       445565                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus15.inst       337184                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::total            6490796                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::writebacks         116256292                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::total              116256292                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::writebacks         116256292                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus00.inst       397396                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus00.data     24481981                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus01.inst       337184                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus01.data     25084095                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus02.inst       469649                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus02.data     37740545                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus03.inst       397396                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus03.data     24192966                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus04.inst       469649                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus04.data     39366254                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus05.inst       301057                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus05.data     25806633                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus06.inst       433523                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus06.data     14679555                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus07.inst       397396                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus07.data     25023884                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus08.inst       469649                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus08.data     17593789                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus09.inst       397396                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus09.data     24036416                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus10.inst       385353                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus10.data     14209905                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus11.inst       361269                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus11.data     25349026                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus12.inst       421480                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus12.data     36403850                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus13.inst       469649                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus13.data     18003227                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus14.inst       445565                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus14.data     36114835                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus15.inst       337184                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus15.data     25541702                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::total              536375752                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus00.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus00.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.workload.num_syscalls                  5                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus00.numCycles               25489702                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus00.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus00.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.lookups        2070083                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1697024                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       204727                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       855352                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBHits         808049                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.usedRAS         212602                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         9148                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.icacheStallCycles     19800703                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Insts             11776484                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Branches           2070083                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.predictedBranches      1020651                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Cycles             2589797                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.SquashCycles        581545                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.BlockedCycles       652816                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.CacheLines         1221356                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.IcacheSquashes       203270                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::samples     23416828                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.615037                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.965981                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::0       20827031     88.94%     88.94% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::1         280148      1.20%     90.14% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::2         323990      1.38%     91.52% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::3         178014      0.76%     92.28% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::4         206833      0.88%     93.16% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::5         113137      0.48%     93.65% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::6          77134      0.33%     93.98% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::7         200107      0.85%     94.83% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::8        1210434      5.17%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::total     23416828                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.branchRate        0.081213                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rate              0.462009                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.decode.IdleCycles       19637529                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BlockedCycles       819292                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus00.decode.RunCycles         2568847                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus00.decode.UnblockCycles        19798                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.decode.SquashCycles       371356                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BranchResolved       336105                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BranchMispred         2156                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus00.decode.DecodedInsts     14375992                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus00.decode.SquashedInsts        11435                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus00.rename.SquashCycles       371356                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.rename.IdleCycles       19668574                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus00.rename.BlockCycles        236008                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus00.rename.serializeStallCycles       496051                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RunCycles         2558834                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus00.rename.UnblockCycles        85999                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenamedInsts     14366434                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus00.rename.ROBFullEvents           22                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.IQFullEvents        21942                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.LSQFullEvents        40440                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.FullRegisterEvents           30                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenamedOperands     19964947                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenameLookups     66903486                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus00.rename.int_rename_lookups     66903486                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus00.rename.CommittedMaps     17025519                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.UndoneMaps        2939416                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus00.rename.serializingInsts         3852                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.tempSerializingInsts         2188                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.skidInsts          231570                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.insertedLoads      1374123                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.insertedStores       748200                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.conflictingLoads        20017                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.conflictingStores       164833                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqInstsAdded         14343444                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3858                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqInstsIssued        13549277                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        18478                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1806064                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      4185897                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          515                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     23416828                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.578613                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.268274                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     17706655     75.62%     75.62% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2297976      9.81%     85.43% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1234346      5.27%     90.70% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       852880      3.64%     94.34% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       746579      3.19%     97.53% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       381667      1.63%     99.16% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        92405      0.39%     99.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        59672      0.25%     99.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        44648      0.19%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     23416828                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          3322     11.28%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::MemRead        12844     43.61%     54.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        13287     45.11%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     11338608     83.68%     83.68% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       211990      1.56%     85.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1658      0.01%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1254765      9.26%     94.52% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       742256      5.48%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::total     13549277                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.rate                 0.531559                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_busy_cnt             29453                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002174                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     50563312                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     16153506                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     13320769                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_alu_accesses     13578730                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        34225                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       245382                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           88                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          142                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        17655                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          828                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewSquashCycles       371356                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewBlockCycles        188358                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewUnblockCycles        13659                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     14347324                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         5891                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1374123                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       748200                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         2189                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewIQFullEvents         9419                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus00.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          142                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus00.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       117810                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus00.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       115460                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus00.iew.branchMispredicts       233270                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecutedInsts     13346494                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1177402                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       202782                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_nop                  22                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_refs            1919418                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_branches        1867120                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_stores           742016                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_rate           0.523603                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_sent             13321037                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_count            13320769                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_producers         7918757                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_consumers        20741988                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_rate             0.522594                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_fanout           0.381774                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitCommittedInsts     10000001                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitCommittedOps     12268684                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2078739                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         3343                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus00.commit.branchMispredicts       205786                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     23045472                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.532369                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.351311                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     18033966     78.25%     78.25% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2323582     10.08%     88.34% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       975068      4.23%     92.57% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       583952      2.53%     95.10% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       405334      1.76%     96.86% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       261449      1.13%     97.99% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       136645      0.59%     98.59% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       109149      0.47%     99.06% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       216327      0.94%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     23045472                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committedInsts     10000001                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committedOps     12268684                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.refs              1859286                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.loads             1128741                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.membars              1668                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.branches          1755765                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.int_insts        11060836                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.function_calls       249611                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.bw_lim_events       216327                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus00.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus00.rob.rob_reads           37176503                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus00.rob.rob_writes          29066224                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus00.timesIdled                305767                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus00.idleCycles               2072874                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus00.committedInsts          10000001                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.committedOps            12268684                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.committedInsts_total     10000001                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.cpi                     2.548970                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus00.cpi_total               2.548970                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus00.ipc                     0.392315                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus00.ipc_total               0.392315                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus00.int_regfile_reads       60209792                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus00.int_regfile_writes      18487347                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus00.misc_regfile_reads      13417103                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus00.misc_regfile_writes         3340                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus01.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus01.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.workload.num_syscalls                  2                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus01.numCycles               25489702                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus01.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus01.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.lookups        1927472                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1725501                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       154447                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      1288724                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBHits        1271662                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.usedRAS         112245                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         4598                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.icacheStallCycles     20460555                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Insts             10964562                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Branches           1927472                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.predictedBranches      1383907                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Cycles             2443508                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.SquashCycles        510026                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.BlockedCycles       308790                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.CacheLines         1238472                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.IcacheSquashes       151286                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::samples     23567599                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.519634                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.758782                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::0       21124091     89.63%     89.63% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::1         377986      1.60%     91.24% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::2         184098      0.78%     92.02% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::3         372411      1.58%     93.60% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::4         114554      0.49%     94.08% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::5         346145      1.47%     95.55% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::6          53059      0.23%     95.78% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::7          86220      0.37%     96.14% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::8         909035      3.86%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::total     23567599                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.branchRate        0.075618                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rate              0.430157                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.decode.IdleCycles       20190409                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BlockedCycles       583896                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus01.decode.RunCycles         2438574                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus01.decode.UnblockCycles         1933                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.decode.SquashCycles       352786                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BranchResolved       177727                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BranchMispred         1961                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus01.decode.DecodedInsts     12224558                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus01.decode.SquashedInsts         4629                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus01.rename.SquashCycles       352786                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.rename.IdleCycles       20220919                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus01.rename.BlockCycles        355959                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus01.rename.serializeStallCycles       136608                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RunCycles         2410620                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus01.rename.UnblockCycles        90701                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenamedInsts     12205811                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus01.rename.ROBFullEvents           24                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.IQFullEvents         9273                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.LSQFullEvents        74074                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenamedOperands     15954831                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenameLookups     55256925                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus01.rename.int_rename_lookups     55256925                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus01.rename.CommittedMaps     12890287                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.UndoneMaps        3064524                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus01.rename.serializingInsts         1584                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.tempSerializingInsts          802                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.skidInsts          190270                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.insertedLoads      2237657                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.insertedStores       347775                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.conflictingLoads         3033                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.conflictingStores        79485                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqInstsAdded         12141402                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         1588                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqInstsIssued        11352754                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         7345                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      2225737                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      4580428                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           10                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     23567599                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.481710                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.092459                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     18584721     78.86%     78.86% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      1556597      6.60%     85.46% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1684419      7.15%     92.61% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       974391      4.13%     96.74% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       493118      2.09%     98.84% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       123715      0.52%     99.36% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       144276      0.61%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         3453      0.01%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         2909      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     23567599                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         18662     57.44%     57.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     57.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     57.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     57.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     57.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     57.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     57.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     57.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     57.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     57.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     57.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     57.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     57.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     57.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     57.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     57.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     57.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::MemRead         7611     23.43%     80.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         6217     19.14%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      8879179     78.21%     78.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        86385      0.76%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          784      0.01%     78.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      2041956     17.99%     96.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       344450      3.03%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::total     11352754                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.rate                 0.445386                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_busy_cnt             32490                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002862                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     46312940                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     14368761                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     11062171                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_alu_accesses     11385244                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         8385                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       458447                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           14                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           35                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         9453                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewSquashCycles       352786                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewBlockCycles        233584                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewUnblockCycles        11199                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     12143000                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          490                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      2237657                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       347775                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          800                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewIQFullEvents         4184                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewLSQFullEvents          254                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus01.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           35                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus01.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       103896                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus01.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        59779                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus01.iew.branchMispredicts       163675                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecutedInsts     11210962                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      2013878                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       141790                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_nop                  10                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_refs            2358303                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_branches        1706722                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_stores           344425                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_rate           0.439823                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_sent             11065007                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_count            11062171                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_producers         6702255                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_consumers        14452491                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_rate             0.433986                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_fanout           0.463744                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitCommittedInsts      8824158                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitCommittedOps      9900552                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2242934                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         1578                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus01.commit.branchMispredicts       153293                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     23214813                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.426476                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.298621                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     19547519     84.20%     84.20% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      1427759      6.15%     90.35% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       930630      4.01%     94.36% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       289192      1.25%     95.61% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       490486      2.11%     97.72% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        93274      0.40%     98.12% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        59150      0.25%     98.38% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        53681      0.23%     98.61% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       323122      1.39%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     23214813                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committedInsts      8824158                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committedOps      9900552                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.refs              2117527                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.loads             1779205                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.membars               788                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.branches          1522361                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.int_insts         8641615                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.function_calls       120464                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.bw_lim_events       323122                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus01.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus01.rob.rob_reads           35035151                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus01.rob.rob_writes          24640027                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus01.timesIdled                458620                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus01.idleCycles               1922103                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus01.committedInsts           8824158                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.committedOps             9900552                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.committedInsts_total      8824158                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.cpi                     2.888627                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus01.cpi_total               2.888627                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus01.ipc                     0.346185                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus01.ipc_total               0.346185                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus01.int_regfile_reads       52168361                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus01.int_regfile_writes      14378416                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus01.misc_regfile_reads      13041359                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus01.misc_regfile_writes         1576                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus02.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus02.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.workload.num_syscalls                  5                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus02.numCycles               25489702                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus02.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus02.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.lookups        2066576                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1690593                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       204020                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       852066                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBHits         813287                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.usedRAS         212069                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         9115                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.icacheStallCycles     20044700                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Insts             11728543                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Branches           2066576                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.predictedBranches      1025356                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Cycles             2456871                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.SquashCycles        594115                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.BlockedCycles       359205                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.CacheLines         1234719                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.IcacheSquashes       205410                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::samples     23246437                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.616464                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.968358                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::0       20789566     89.43%     89.43% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::1         133605      0.57%     90.01% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::2         210390      0.91%     90.91% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::3         334008      1.44%     92.35% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::4         138712      0.60%     92.94% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::5         154815      0.67%     93.61% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::6         165158      0.71%     94.32% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::7         107158      0.46%     94.78% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::8        1213025      5.22%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::total     23246437                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.branchRate        0.081075                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rate              0.460129                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.decode.IdleCycles       19859003                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BlockedCycles       546646                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus02.decode.RunCycles         2449025                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus02.decode.UnblockCycles         6379                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.decode.SquashCycles       385383                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BranchResolved       338151                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BranchMispred          280                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus02.decode.DecodedInsts     14319494                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus02.decode.SquashedInsts         1668                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus02.rename.SquashCycles       385383                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.rename.IdleCycles       19890719                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus02.rename.BlockCycles        175315                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus02.rename.serializeStallCycles       281999                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RunCycles         2424259                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus02.rename.UnblockCycles        88749                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenamedInsts     14310107                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus02.rename.ROBFullEvents         2313                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.IQFullEvents        24737                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.LSQFullEvents        33549                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.FullRegisterEvents         3946                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenamedOperands     19863241                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenameLookups     66564804                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus02.rename.int_rename_lookups     66564804                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus02.rename.CommittedMaps     16915777                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.UndoneMaps        2947449                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus02.rename.serializingInsts         3605                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.tempSerializingInsts         1967                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.skidInsts          268987                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.insertedLoads      1365188                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.insertedStores       732455                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.conflictingLoads        21982                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.conflictingStores       166297                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqInstsAdded         14287863                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3616                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqInstsIssued        13505157                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        16992                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1843799                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      4121838                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          318                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     23246437                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.580956                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.273289                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     17554263     75.51%     75.51% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2283960      9.82%     85.34% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1248839      5.37%     90.71% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       851787      3.66%     94.38% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       796622      3.43%     97.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       228929      0.98%     98.79% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       179312      0.77%     99.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        60647      0.26%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        42078      0.18%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     23246437                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          3221     12.50%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::MemRead        10193     39.57%     52.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        12346     47.93%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     11312768     83.77%     83.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       213822      1.58%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1636      0.01%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1248869      9.25%     94.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       728062      5.39%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::total     13505157                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.rate                 0.529828                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_busy_cnt             25760                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001907                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     50299502                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     16135428                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     13284675                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_alu_accesses     13530917                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        40334                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       248647                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           36                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          154                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        22484                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          861                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewSquashCycles       385383                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewBlockCycles        120569                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewUnblockCycles        12180                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     14291495                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         6436                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1365188                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       732455                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         1969                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewIQFullEvents         8968                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            1                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus02.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          154                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus02.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       118273                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus02.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       116893                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus02.iew.branchMispredicts       235166                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecutedInsts     13310868                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1174417                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       194288                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_nop                  16                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_refs            1902153                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_branches        1871281                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_stores           727736                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_rate           0.522206                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_sent             13284897                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_count            13284675                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_producers         7769015                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_consumers        20295455                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_rate             0.521178                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_fanout           0.382796                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitCommittedInsts      9936544                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitCommittedOps     12179712                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2111805                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         3298                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus02.commit.branchMispredicts       208067                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     22861054                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.532771                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.385866                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     17914428     78.36%     78.36% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2396133     10.48%     88.84% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       932981      4.08%     92.92% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       502942      2.20%     95.12% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       375437      1.64%     96.77% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       210175      0.92%     97.69% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       129871      0.57%     98.25% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       115754      0.51%     98.76% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       283333      1.24%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     22861054                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committedInsts      9936544                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committedOps     12179712                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.refs              1826507                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.loads             1116539                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.membars              1646                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.branches          1748292                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.int_insts        10974933                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.function_calls       247477                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.bw_lim_events       283333                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus02.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus02.rob.rob_reads           36869173                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus02.rob.rob_writes          28968461                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus02.timesIdled                325787                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus02.idleCycles               2243265                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus02.committedInsts           9936544                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.committedOps            12179712                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.committedInsts_total      9936544                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.cpi                     2.565248                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus02.cpi_total               2.565248                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus02.ipc                     0.389826                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus02.ipc_total               0.389826                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus02.int_regfile_reads       60027704                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus02.int_regfile_writes      18415642                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus02.misc_regfile_reads      13355039                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus02.misc_regfile_writes         3294                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus03.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus03.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.workload.num_syscalls                  5                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus03.numCycles               25489702                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus03.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus03.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.lookups        2067510                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1695910                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       204951                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       853713                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBHits         808711                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.usedRAS         211825                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         9050                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.icacheStallCycles     19816383                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Insts             11765005                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Branches           2067510                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.predictedBranches      1020536                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Cycles             2589755                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.SquashCycles        580664                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.BlockedCycles       662508                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.CacheLines         1222146                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.IcacheSquashes       203620                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::samples     23441007                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.613926                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.964066                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::0       20851252     88.95%     88.95% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::1         279939      1.19%     90.15% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::2         326127      1.39%     91.54% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::3         177935      0.76%     92.30% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::4         207682      0.89%     93.18% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::5         112444      0.48%     93.66% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::6          76882      0.33%     93.99% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::7         199157      0.85%     94.84% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::8        1209589      5.16%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::total     23441007                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.branchRate        0.081112                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rate              0.461559                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.decode.IdleCycles       19654127                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BlockedCycles       828106                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus03.decode.RunCycles         2569362                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus03.decode.UnblockCycles        19191                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.decode.SquashCycles       370215                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BranchResolved       334629                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BranchMispred         2146                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus03.decode.DecodedInsts     14365053                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus03.decode.SquashedInsts        11306                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus03.rename.SquashCycles       370215                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.rename.IdleCycles       19684678                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus03.rename.BlockCycles        209397                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus03.rename.serializeStallCycles       533610                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RunCycles         2559277                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus03.rename.UnblockCycles        83824                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenamedInsts     14355131                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus03.rename.ROBFullEvents           15                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.IQFullEvents        20804                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.LSQFullEvents        39925                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenamedOperands     19952261                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenameLookups     66855171                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus03.rename.int_rename_lookups     66855171                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus03.rename.CommittedMaps     17031684                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.UndoneMaps        2920577                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus03.rename.serializingInsts         3889                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.tempSerializingInsts         2227                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.skidInsts          228985                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.insertedLoads      1372170                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.insertedStores       747164                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.conflictingLoads        19932                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.conflictingStores       164604                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqInstsAdded         14331149                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3900                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqInstsIssued        13539779                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        16902                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1791900                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      4162057                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          557                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     23441007                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.577611                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.267045                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     17731849     75.64%     75.64% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2299371      9.81%     85.45% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1233158      5.26%     90.71% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       854198      3.64%     94.36% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       745874      3.18%     97.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       380629      1.62%     99.16% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        91295      0.39%     99.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        59977      0.26%     99.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        44656      0.19%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     23441007                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          3191     10.87%     10.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     10.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     10.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     10.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     10.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     10.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     10.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     10.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     10.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     10.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     10.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     10.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     10.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     10.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     10.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     10.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     10.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     10.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     10.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     10.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     10.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     10.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     10.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     10.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     10.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     10.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     10.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     10.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     10.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::MemRead        12823     43.68%     54.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        13341     45.45%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     11333194     83.70%     83.70% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       211838      1.56%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1659      0.01%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1252011      9.25%     94.53% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       741077      5.47%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::total     13539779                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.rate                 0.531186                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_busy_cnt             29355                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002168                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     50566822                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     16127080                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     13314667                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_alu_accesses     13569134                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        34038                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       243011                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          101                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          133                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        16354                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          828                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewSquashCycles       370215                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewBlockCycles        163373                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewUnblockCycles        13109                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     14335073                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         5971                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1372170                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       747164                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         2230                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewIQFullEvents         9147                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus03.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          133                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus03.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       118656                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus03.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       114896                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus03.iew.branchMispredicts       233552                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecutedInsts     13338869                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1175940                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       200910                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_nop                  24                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_refs            1916776                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_branches        1865874                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_stores           740836                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_rate           0.523304                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_sent             13314934                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_count            13314667                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_producers         7918228                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_consumers        20737156                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_rate             0.522355                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_fanout           0.381838                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitCommittedInsts     10003599                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitCommittedOps     12273169                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2061969                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         3343                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus03.commit.branchMispredicts       206070                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     23070792                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.531979                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.350804                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     18057505     78.27%     78.27% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2324423     10.08%     88.35% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       974834      4.23%     92.57% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       584491      2.53%     95.10% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       405771      1.76%     96.86% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       261376      1.13%     98.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       137039      0.59%     98.59% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       109417      0.47%     99.06% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       215936      0.94%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     23070792                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committedInsts     10003599                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committedOps     12273169                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.refs              1859969                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.loads             1129159                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.membars              1668                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.branches          1756446                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.int_insts        11064865                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.function_calls       249710                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.bw_lim_events       215936                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus03.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus03.rob.rob_reads           37189929                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus03.rob.rob_writes          29040505                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus03.timesIdled                306171                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus03.idleCycles               2048695                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus03.committedInsts          10003599                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.committedOps            12273169                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.committedInsts_total     10003599                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.cpi                     2.548053                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus03.cpi_total               2.548053                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus03.ipc                     0.392456                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus03.ipc_total               0.392456                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus03.int_regfile_reads       60179712                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus03.int_regfile_writes      18481112                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus03.misc_regfile_reads      13404369                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus03.misc_regfile_writes         3340                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus04.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus04.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.workload.num_syscalls                  3                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus04.numCycles               25489702                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus04.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus04.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.lookups        1984255                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1790119                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       106922                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       740803                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBHits         706610                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.usedRAS         109444                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         4672                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.icacheStallCycles     21030769                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Insts             12487609                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Branches           1984255                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.predictedBranches       816054                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Cycles             2467874                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.SquashCycles        335880                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.BlockedCycles       477711                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.CacheLines         1209763                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.IcacheSquashes       107285                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::samples     24202705                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.605463                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.934361                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::0       21734831     89.80%     89.80% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::1          87603      0.36%     90.17% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::2         180544      0.75%     90.91% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::3          75010      0.31%     91.22% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::4         408538      1.69%     92.91% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::5         364438      1.51%     94.41% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::6          70691      0.29%     94.71% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::7         148776      0.61%     95.32% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::8        1132274      4.68%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::total     24202705                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.branchRate        0.077845                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rate              0.489908                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.decode.IdleCycles       20912298                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BlockedCycles       597760                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus04.decode.RunCycles         2458753                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus04.decode.UnblockCycles         7792                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.decode.SquashCycles       226097                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BranchResolved       174343                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BranchMispred          254                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus04.decode.DecodedInsts     14644370                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus04.decode.SquashedInsts         1546                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus04.rename.SquashCycles       226097                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.rename.IdleCycles       20934627                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus04.rename.BlockCycles        420049                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus04.rename.serializeStallCycles       109661                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RunCycles         2445679                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus04.rename.UnblockCycles        66585                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenamedInsts     14635936                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus04.rename.ROBFullEvents           16                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.IQFullEvents        27726                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.LSQFullEvents        24515                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.FullRegisterEvents          290                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenamedOperands     17197964                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenameLookups     68933986                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus04.rename.int_rename_lookups     68933986                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus04.rename.CommittedMaps     15209979                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.UndoneMaps        1987985                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus04.rename.serializingInsts         1707                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.tempSerializingInsts          868                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.skidInsts          171525                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.insertedLoads      3448635                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.insertedStores      1742839                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.conflictingLoads        15586                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.conflictingStores        85224                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqInstsAdded         14605353                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         1714                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqInstsIssued        14030436                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         7544                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1151535                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      2766904                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           19                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     24202705                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.579705                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.377347                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     19220710     79.42%     79.42% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      1489109      6.15%     85.57% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1225327      5.06%     90.63% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       529063      2.19%     92.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       671958      2.78%     95.59% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       649526      2.68%     98.28% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       369474      1.53%     99.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        29126      0.12%     99.92% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        18412      0.08%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     24202705                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         35598     11.11%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::MemRead       276762     86.39%     97.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         7998      2.50%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      8808434     62.78%     62.78% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       122552      0.87%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          839      0.01%     63.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     63.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      3360151     23.95%     87.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      1738460     12.39%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::total     14030436                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.rate                 0.550435                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_busy_cnt            320358                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.022833                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     52591479                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     15758969                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     13907099                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_alu_accesses     14350794                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        25020                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       137385                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           62                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          368                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        11504                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         1245                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewSquashCycles       226097                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewBlockCycles        383266                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewUnblockCycles        18208                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     14607082                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          184                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      3448635                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      1742839                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          868                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewIQFullEvents        12336                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            8                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus04.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          368                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus04.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        61399                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus04.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        63660                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus04.iew.branchMispredicts       125059                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecutedInsts     13929321                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      3348428                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       101115                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_nop                  15                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_refs            5086726                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_branches        1823901                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_stores          1738298                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_rate           0.546469                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_sent             13907623                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_count            13907099                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_producers         7514548                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_consumers        14816657                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_rate             0.545597                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_fanout           0.507169                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitCommittedInsts     11287165                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitCommittedOps     13264117                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitSquashedInsts      1344252                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         1695                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus04.commit.branchMispredicts       109008                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     23976608                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.553211                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.376909                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     19167735     79.94%     79.94% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      1754130      7.32%     87.26% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       823626      3.44%     90.69% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       813644      3.39%     94.09% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       220968      0.92%     95.01% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       946859      3.95%     98.96% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        70919      0.30%     99.25% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        51694      0.22%     99.47% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       127033      0.53%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     23976608                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committedInsts     11287165                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committedOps     13264117                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.refs              5042585                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.loads             3311250                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.membars               846                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.branches          1751275                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.int_insts        11795313                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.function_calls       128470                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.bw_lim_events       127033                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus04.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus04.rob.rob_reads           38457905                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus04.rob.rob_writes          29442871                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus04.timesIdled                463105                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus04.idleCycles               1286997                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus04.committedInsts          11287165                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.committedOps            13264117                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.committedInsts_total     11287165                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.cpi                     2.258291                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus04.cpi_total               2.258291                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus04.ipc                     0.442813                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus04.ipc_total               0.442813                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus04.int_regfile_reads       68849343                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus04.int_regfile_writes      16160796                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus04.misc_regfile_reads      17424333                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus04.misc_regfile_writes         1692                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus05.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus05.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.workload.num_syscalls                  2                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus05.numCycles               25489702                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus05.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus05.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.lookups        1927707                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1725801                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       154194                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      1288763                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBHits        1271792                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.usedRAS         112162                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         4540                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.icacheStallCycles     20459162                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Insts             10967136                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Branches           1927707                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.predictedBranches      1383954                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Cycles             2443791                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.SquashCycles        509701                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.BlockedCycles       308675                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.CacheLines         1238211                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.IcacheSquashes       151057                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::samples     23566303                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.519779                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.759108                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::0       21122512     89.63%     89.63% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::1         378002      1.60%     91.23% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::2         184183      0.78%     92.02% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::3         372521      1.58%     93.60% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::4         114272      0.48%     94.08% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::5         345995      1.47%     95.55% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::6          52927      0.22%     95.77% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::7          86410      0.37%     96.14% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::8         909481      3.86%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::total     23566303                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.branchRate        0.075627                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rate              0.430258                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.decode.IdleCycles       20186376                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BlockedCycles       586372                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus05.decode.RunCycles         2438917                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus05.decode.UnblockCycles         1920                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.decode.SquashCycles       352717                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BranchResolved       177671                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BranchMispred         1959                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus05.decode.DecodedInsts     12227648                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus05.decode.SquashedInsts         4615                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus05.rename.SquashCycles       352717                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.rename.IdleCycles       20217210                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus05.rename.BlockCycles        358342                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus05.rename.serializeStallCycles       136052                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RunCycles         2410661                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus05.rename.UnblockCycles        91315                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenamedInsts     12209099                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus05.rename.ROBFullEvents           28                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.IQFullEvents         9174                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.LSQFullEvents        74811                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenamedOperands     15959269                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenameLookups     55271576                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus05.rename.int_rename_lookups     55271576                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus05.rename.CommittedMaps     12891167                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.UndoneMaps        3068076                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus05.rename.serializingInsts         1584                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.tempSerializingInsts          801                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.skidInsts          191639                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.insertedLoads      2238917                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.insertedStores       347869                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.conflictingLoads         2931                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.conflictingStores        79422                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqInstsAdded         12144448                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         1588                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqInstsIssued        11354275                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         7455                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      2227933                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      4588644                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           10                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     23566303                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.481801                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.092619                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     18583116     78.85%     78.85% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      1556732      6.61%     85.46% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1684213      7.15%     92.61% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       974611      4.14%     96.74% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       492902      2.09%     98.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       123930      0.53%     99.36% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       144466      0.61%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         3434      0.01%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         2899      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     23566303                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         18711     57.45%     57.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     57.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     57.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     57.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     57.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     57.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     57.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     57.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     57.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     57.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     57.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     57.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     57.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     57.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     57.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     57.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     57.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::MemRead         7629     23.42%     80.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         6230     19.13%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      8879964     78.21%     78.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        86336      0.76%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          784      0.01%     78.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      2042619     17.99%     96.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       344572      3.03%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::total     11354275                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.rate                 0.445446                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_busy_cnt             32570                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002869                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     46314878                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     14374002                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     11063706                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_alu_accesses     11386845                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         8650                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       459480                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           11                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           37                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         9547                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewSquashCycles       352717                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewBlockCycles        234351                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewUnblockCycles        11159                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     12146042                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          488                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      2238917                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       347869                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          800                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewIQFullEvents         4081                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewLSQFullEvents          274                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus05.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           37                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus05.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       103617                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus05.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        59788                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus05.iew.branchMispredicts       163405                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecutedInsts     11212627                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      2014488                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       141648                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_nop                   6                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_refs            2359032                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_branches        1706823                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_stores           344544                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_rate           0.439889                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_sent             11066518                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_count            11063706                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_producers         6703199                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_consumers        14452955                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_rate             0.434046                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_fanout           0.463794                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitCommittedInsts      8824901                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitCommittedOps      9901295                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2245257                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         1578                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus05.commit.branchMispredicts       153041                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     23213586                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.426530                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.298754                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     19546091     84.20%     84.20% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      1427562      6.15%     90.35% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       931118      4.01%     94.36% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       289471      1.25%     95.61% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       490217      2.11%     97.72% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        92944      0.40%     98.12% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        59218      0.26%     98.38% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        53532      0.23%     98.61% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       323433      1.39%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     23213586                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committedInsts      8824901                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committedOps      9901295                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.refs              2117752                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.loads             1779430                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.membars               788                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.branches          1522480                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.int_insts         8642239                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.function_calls       120464                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.bw_lim_events       323433                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus05.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus05.rob.rob_reads           35036679                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus05.rob.rob_writes          24646091                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus05.timesIdled                458443                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus05.idleCycles               1923399                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus05.committedInsts           8824901                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.committedOps             9901295                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.committedInsts_total      8824901                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.cpi                     2.888384                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus05.cpi_total               2.888384                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus05.ipc                     0.346214                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus05.ipc_total               0.346214                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus05.int_regfile_reads       52176446                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus05.int_regfile_writes      14381163                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus05.misc_regfile_reads      13044508                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus05.misc_regfile_writes         1576                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus06.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus06.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.workload.num_syscalls                  6                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus06.numCycles               25489696                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus06.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus06.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.lookups        2309164                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1922606                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       211515                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       882157                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBHits         843686                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.usedRAS         247972                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         9866                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.icacheStallCycles     20082498                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Insts             12662143                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Branches           2309164                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.predictedBranches      1091658                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Cycles             2639010                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.SquashCycles        589590                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.BlockedCycles       674880                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.CacheLines         1248670                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.IcacheSquashes       202206                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::samples     23772526                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.654701                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.030092                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::0       21133516     88.90%     88.90% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::1         161459      0.68%     89.58% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::2         204281      0.86%     90.44% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::3         324451      1.36%     91.80% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::4         136025      0.57%     92.37% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::5         175084      0.74%     93.11% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::6         203594      0.86%     93.97% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::7          93479      0.39%     94.36% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::8        1340637      5.64%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::total     23772526                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.branchRate        0.090592                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rate              0.496755                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.decode.IdleCycles       19964599                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BlockedCycles       804322                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus06.decode.RunCycles         2626481                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus06.decode.UnblockCycles         1269                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.decode.SquashCycles       375853                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BranchResolved       351245                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BranchMispred          285                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus06.decode.DecodedInsts     15478265                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus06.decode.SquashedInsts         1666                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus06.rename.SquashCycles       375853                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.rename.IdleCycles       19985249                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus06.rename.BlockCycles         64688                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus06.rename.serializeStallCycles       683101                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RunCycles         2607068                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus06.rename.UnblockCycles        56560                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenamedInsts     15383016                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus06.rename.ROBFullEvents           19                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.IQFullEvents         8077                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.LSQFullEvents        39345                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenamedOperands     21483667                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenameLookups     71530623                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus06.rename.int_rename_lookups     71530623                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus06.rename.CommittedMaps     17955000                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.UndoneMaps        3528667                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus06.rename.serializingInsts         3724                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.tempSerializingInsts         1944                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.skidInsts          199306                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.insertedLoads      1442814                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.insertedStores       752753                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.conflictingLoads         8694                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.conflictingStores       166716                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqInstsAdded         15017626                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3739                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqInstsIssued        14399238                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        14766                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1837584                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      3750166                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          146                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     23772526                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.605709                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.326802                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     17673564     74.34%     74.34% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2779630     11.69%     86.04% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1137747      4.79%     90.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       637773      2.68%     93.51% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       864366      3.64%     97.14% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       265915      1.12%     98.26% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       262047      1.10%     99.36% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       140398      0.59%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        11086      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     23772526                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         99489     79.01%     79.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     79.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     79.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     79.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::MemRead        13545     10.76%     89.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        12883     10.23%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     12130618     84.24%     84.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       196701      1.37%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1780      0.01%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1319905      9.17%     94.79% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       750234      5.21%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::total     14399238                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.rate                 0.564904                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_busy_cnt            125917                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.008745                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     52711685                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     16859041                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     14022920                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_alu_accesses     14525155                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        11026                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       275724                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           12                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           94                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        11063                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            6                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewSquashCycles       375853                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewBlockCycles         49281                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewUnblockCycles         6256                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     15021370                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        11207                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1442814                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       752753                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         1944                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewIQFullEvents         5471                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            5                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus06.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           94                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus06.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       124645                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus06.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       119299                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus06.iew.branchMispredicts       243944                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecutedInsts     14147475                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1298026                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       251763                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_nop                   5                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_refs            2048157                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_branches        2000640                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_stores           750131                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_rate           0.555027                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_sent             14023032                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_count            14022920                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_producers         8400891                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_consumers        22569179                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_rate             0.550141                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_fanout           0.372228                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitCommittedInsts     10446015                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitCommittedOps     12871969                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2149450                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         3593                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus06.commit.branchMispredicts       213103                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     23396673                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.550162                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.370765                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     17950183     76.72%     76.72% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2759846     11.80%     88.52% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      1002316      4.28%     92.80% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       498305      2.13%     94.93% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       457055      1.95%     96.88% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       192286      0.82%     97.71% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       190191      0.81%     98.52% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        90148      0.39%     98.90% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       256343      1.10%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     23396673                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committedInsts     10446015                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committedOps     12871969                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.refs              1908780                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.loads             1167090                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.membars              1792                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.branches          1865802                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.int_insts        11588905                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.function_calls       265803                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.bw_lim_events       256343                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus06.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus06.rob.rob_reads           38161671                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus06.rob.rob_writes          30418706                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus06.timesIdled                306872                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus06.idleCycles               1717170                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus06.committedInsts          10446015                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.committedOps            12871969                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.committedInsts_total     10446015                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.cpi                     2.440136                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus06.cpi_total               2.440136                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus06.ipc                     0.409813                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus06.ipc_total               0.409813                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus06.int_regfile_reads       63654749                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus06.int_regfile_writes      19595674                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus06.misc_regfile_reads      14313016                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus06.misc_regfile_writes         3590                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus07.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus07.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.workload.num_syscalls                  5                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus07.numCycles               25489702                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus07.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus07.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.lookups        2069032                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1696601                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       204925                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       854772                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBHits         808006                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.usedRAS         212247                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         9099                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.icacheStallCycles     19786401                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Insts             11771955                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Branches           2069032                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.predictedBranches      1020253                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Cycles             2589286                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.SquashCycles        582935                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.BlockedCycles       665028                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.CacheLines         1220934                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.IcacheSquashes       203438                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::samples     23415420                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.614931                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.965751                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::0       20826134     88.94%     88.94% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::1         280005      1.20%     90.14% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::2         323570      1.38%     91.52% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::3         178141      0.76%     92.28% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::4         207698      0.89%     93.17% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::5         112638      0.48%     93.65% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::6          77160      0.33%     93.98% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::7         200235      0.86%     94.83% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::8        1209839      5.17%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::total     23415420                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.branchRate        0.081171                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rate              0.461832                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.decode.IdleCycles       19624651                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BlockedCycles       830112                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus07.decode.RunCycles         2568906                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus07.decode.UnblockCycles        19189                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.decode.SquashCycles       372556                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BranchResolved       335575                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BranchMispred         2150                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus07.decode.DecodedInsts     14372378                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus07.decode.SquashedInsts        11375                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus07.rename.SquashCycles       372556                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.rename.IdleCycles       19655215                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus07.rename.BlockCycles        237652                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus07.rename.serializeStallCycles       506928                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RunCycles         2558792                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus07.rename.UnblockCycles        84271                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenamedInsts     14362576                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus07.rename.ROBFullEvents           20                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.IQFullEvents        21340                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.LSQFullEvents        39862                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenamedOperands     19956727                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenameLookups     66887984                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus07.rename.int_rename_lookups     66887984                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus07.rename.CommittedMaps     17004428                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.UndoneMaps        2952271                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus07.rename.serializingInsts         3795                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.tempSerializingInsts         2134                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.skidInsts          228264                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.insertedLoads      1375712                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.insertedStores       747395                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.conflictingLoads        19639                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.conflictingStores       165123                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqInstsAdded         14339006                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3804                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqInstsIssued        13538637                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        18749                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1817359                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      4220488                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          466                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     23415420                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.578193                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.268000                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     17710501     75.64%     75.64% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2295846      9.80%     85.44% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1231929      5.26%     90.70% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       853041      3.64%     94.35% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       745987      3.19%     97.53% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       382137      1.63%     99.16% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        91430      0.39%     99.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        59795      0.26%     99.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        44754      0.19%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     23415420                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          3314     11.15%     11.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::MemRead        13168     44.29%     55.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        13248     44.56%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     11329426     83.68%     83.68% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       211853      1.56%     85.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1656      0.01%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1254286      9.26%     94.52% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       741416      5.48%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::total     13538637                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.rate                 0.531141                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_busy_cnt             29730                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002196                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     50541173                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     16160304                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     13309753                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_alu_accesses     13568367                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        33618                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       248368                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           90                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          137                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        17751                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          827                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewSquashCycles       372556                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewBlockCycles        190303                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewUnblockCycles        13883                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     14342830                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         6272                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1375712                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       747395                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         2137                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewIQFullEvents         9721                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus07.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          137                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus07.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       118160                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus07.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       115478                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus07.iew.branchMispredicts       233638                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecutedInsts     13335747                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1176509                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       202890                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_nop                  20                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_refs            1917668                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_branches        1864739                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_stores           741159                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_rate           0.523182                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_sent             13309995                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_count            13309753                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_producers         7914176                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_consumers        20733587                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_rate             0.522162                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_fanout           0.381708                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitCommittedInsts      9987620                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitCommittedOps     12253483                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2089453                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         3338                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus07.commit.branchMispredicts       205992                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     23042864                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.531769                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.350604                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     18037289     78.28%     78.28% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2320987     10.07%     88.35% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       973713      4.23%     92.58% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       583382      2.53%     95.11% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       404981      1.76%     96.86% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       260993      1.13%     98.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       136495      0.59%     98.59% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       109127      0.47%     99.06% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       215897      0.94%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     23042864                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committedInsts      9987620                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committedOps     12253483                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.refs              1856988                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.loads             1127344                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.membars              1666                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.branches          1753598                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.int_insts        11047123                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.function_calls       249300                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.bw_lim_events       215897                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus07.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus07.rob.rob_reads           37169838                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus07.rob.rob_writes          29058450                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus07.timesIdled                305664                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus07.idleCycles               2074282                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus07.committedInsts           9987620                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.committedOps            12253483                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.committedInsts_total      9987620                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.cpi                     2.552130                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus07.cpi_total               2.552130                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus07.ipc                     0.391830                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus07.ipc_total               0.391830                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus07.int_regfile_reads       60161123                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus07.int_regfile_writes      18472525                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus07.misc_regfile_reads      13410825                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus07.misc_regfile_writes         3334                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus08.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus08.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.workload.num_syscalls                  6                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus08.numCycles               25489702                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus08.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus08.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.lookups        2105227                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1722190                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       206599                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       863556                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBHits         826320                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.usedRAS         217165                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         9343                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.icacheStallCycles     20247370                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Insts             11773666                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Branches           2105227                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.predictedBranches      1043485                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Cycles             2456603                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.SquashCycles        566114                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.BlockedCycles       459308                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.CacheLines         1240035                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.IcacheSquashes       206709                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::samples     23520111                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.614662                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.957795                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::0       21063508     89.56%     89.56% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::1         114963      0.49%     90.04% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::2         181786      0.77%     90.82% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::3         245670      1.04%     91.86% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::4         252577      1.07%     92.94% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::5         214437      0.91%     93.85% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::6         120413      0.51%     94.36% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::7         177657      0.76%     95.11% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::8        1149100      4.89%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::total     23520111                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.branchRate        0.082591                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rate              0.461899                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.decode.IdleCycles       20042116                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BlockedCycles       666518                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus08.decode.RunCycles         2452073                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus08.decode.UnblockCycles         2837                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.decode.SquashCycles       356565                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BranchResolved       346650                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BranchMispred          265                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus08.decode.DecodedInsts     14444258                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus08.decode.SquashedInsts         1562                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus08.rename.SquashCycles       356565                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.rename.IdleCycles       20097779                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus08.rename.BlockCycles        135801                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus08.rename.serializeStallCycles       404690                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RunCycles         2399973                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus08.rename.UnblockCycles       125301                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenamedInsts     14437954                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus08.rename.ROBFullEvents           25                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.IQFullEvents        16987                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.LSQFullEvents        54634                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenamedOperands     20147391                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenameLookups     67163237                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus08.rename.int_rename_lookups     67163237                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus08.rename.CommittedMaps     17434017                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.UndoneMaps        2713374                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus08.rename.serializingInsts         3559                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.tempSerializingInsts         1840                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.skidInsts          378855                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.insertedLoads      1351733                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.insertedStores       731730                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.conflictingLoads         8621                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.conflictingStores       228835                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqInstsAdded         14418739                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3573                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqInstsIssued        13682772                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         2014                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1611978                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      3868589                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          113                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     23520111                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.581748                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.270068                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     17690056     75.21%     75.21% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2429164     10.33%     85.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1222229      5.20%     90.74% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       893594      3.80%     94.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       706992      3.01%     97.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       288045      1.22%     98.77% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       182626      0.78%     99.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        94821      0.40%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        12584      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     23520111                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          2848     12.53%     12.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::MemRead         8400     36.96%     49.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        11477     50.50%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     11506935     84.10%     84.10% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       204116      1.49%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1714      0.01%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1240682      9.07%     94.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       729325      5.33%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::total     13682772                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.rate                 0.536796                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_busy_cnt             22725                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001661                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     50910394                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     16034347                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     13474067                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_alu_accesses     13705497                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        28327                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       218817                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           10                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           58                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        10990                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewSquashCycles       356565                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewBlockCycles        107408                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewUnblockCycles        12180                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     14422336                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         6056                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1351733                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       731730                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         1845                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewIQFullEvents        10319                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus08.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           58                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus08.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       119262                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus08.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       116721                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus08.iew.branchMispredicts       235983                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecutedInsts     13491268                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1166643                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       191504                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_nop                  24                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_refs            1895901                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_branches        1916994                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_stores           729258                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_rate           0.529283                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_sent             13474197                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_count            13474067                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_producers         7734746                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_consumers        20844582                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_rate             0.528608                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_fanout           0.371067                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitCommittedInsts     10163515                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitCommittedOps     12506552                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitSquashedInsts      1915786                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         3460                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus08.commit.branchMispredicts       208977                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     23163546                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.539924                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.382711                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     17998075     77.70%     77.70% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2577556     11.13%     88.83% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       957838      4.14%     92.96% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       457197      1.97%     94.94% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       406288      1.75%     96.69% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       222157      0.96%     97.65% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       180999      0.78%     98.43% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        87690      0.38%     98.81% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       275746      1.19%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     23163546                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committedInsts     10163515                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committedOps     12506552                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.refs              1853656                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.loads             1132916                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.membars              1726                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.branches          1803604                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.int_insts        11268211                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.function_calls       257594                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.bw_lim_events       275746                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus08.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus08.rob.rob_reads           37310060                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus08.rob.rob_writes          29201258                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus08.timesIdled                308172                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus08.idleCycles               1969591                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus08.committedInsts          10163515                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.committedOps            12506552                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.committedInsts_total     10163515                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.cpi                     2.507961                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus08.cpi_total               2.507961                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus08.ipc                     0.398730                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus08.ipc_total               0.398730                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus08.int_regfile_reads       60720093                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus08.int_regfile_writes      18769270                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus08.misc_regfile_reads      13390664                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus08.misc_regfile_writes         3456                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus09.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus09.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.workload.num_syscalls                  5                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus09.numCycles               25489702                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus09.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus09.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.lookups        2071973                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1699283                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       204515                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       859760                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBHits         810017                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.usedRAS         212646                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         9182                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.icacheStallCycles     19807518                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Insts             11781715                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Branches           2071973                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.predictedBranches      1022663                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Cycles             2591203                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.SquashCycles        580315                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.BlockedCycles       647494                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.CacheLines         1221303                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.IcacheSquashes       203021                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::samples     23418744                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.615156                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.965924                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::0       20827541     88.94%     88.94% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::1         280253      1.20%     90.13% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::2         324145      1.38%     91.52% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::3         178284      0.76%     92.28% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::4         207864      0.89%     93.17% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::5         112727      0.48%     93.65% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::6          77754      0.33%     93.98% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::7         200244      0.86%     94.83% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::8        1209932      5.17%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::total     23418744                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.branchRate        0.081287                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rate              0.462215                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.decode.IdleCycles       19645882                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BlockedCycles       812486                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus09.decode.RunCycles         2570441                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus09.decode.UnblockCycles        19554                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.decode.SquashCycles       370375                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BranchResolved       335771                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BranchMispred         2154                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus09.decode.DecodedInsts     14379668                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus09.decode.SquashedInsts        11391                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus09.rename.SquashCycles       370375                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.rename.IdleCycles       19676796                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus09.rename.BlockCycles        257914                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus09.rename.serializeStallCycles       468474                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RunCycles         2560378                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus09.rename.UnblockCycles        84801                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenamedInsts     14370134                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus09.rename.ROBFullEvents           12                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.IQFullEvents        21510                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.LSQFullEvents        40010                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenamedOperands     19970379                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenameLookups     66916484                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus09.rename.int_rename_lookups     66916484                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus09.rename.CommittedMaps     17040706                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.UndoneMaps        2929668                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus09.rename.serializingInsts         3774                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.tempSerializingInsts         2110                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.skidInsts          230005                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.insertedLoads      1374147                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.insertedStores       747898                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.conflictingLoads        19769                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.conflictingStores       165119                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqInstsAdded         14346520                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3780                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqInstsIssued        13552878                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        18790                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1798305                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      4176281                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          434                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     23418744                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.578719                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.268213                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     17705869     75.61%     75.61% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2299646      9.82%     85.43% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1234758      5.27%     90.70% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       854142      3.65%     94.35% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       745798      3.18%     97.53% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       382113      1.63%     99.16% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        92010      0.39%     99.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        59791      0.26%     99.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        44617      0.19%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     23418744                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          3385     11.57%     11.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::MemRead        12618     43.11%     54.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        13265     45.32%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     11341697     83.68%     83.68% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       212095      1.56%     85.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1660      0.01%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1255370      9.26%     94.52% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       742056      5.48%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::total     13552878                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.rate                 0.531700                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_busy_cnt             29268                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002160                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     50572558                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     16148738                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     13326527                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_alu_accesses     13582146                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        34393                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       244389                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           80                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          136                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        16682                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          829                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewSquashCycles       370375                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewBlockCycles        210204                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewUnblockCycles        13947                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     14350319                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         6292                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1374147                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       747898                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         2109                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewIQFullEvents         9906                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus09.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          136                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus09.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       118479                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus09.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       114704                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus09.iew.branchMispredicts       233183                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecutedInsts     13352527                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1178928                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       200351                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_nop                  19                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_refs            1920731                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_branches        1868011                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_stores           741803                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_rate           0.523840                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_sent             13326850                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_count            13326527                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_producers         7922717                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_consumers        20744756                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_rate             0.522820                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_fanout           0.381914                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitCommittedInsts     10008963                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitCommittedOps     12279655                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2070844                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         3346                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus09.commit.branchMispredicts       205546                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     23048369                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.532778                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.351517                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     18031643     78.23%     78.23% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2325902     10.09%     88.33% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       975878      4.23%     92.56% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       585396      2.54%     95.10% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       405525      1.76%     96.86% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       262226      1.14%     98.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       136223      0.59%     98.59% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       109367      0.47%     99.06% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       216209      0.94%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     23048369                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committedInsts     10008963                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committedOps     12279655                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.refs              1860971                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.loads             1129755                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.membars              1670                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.branches          1757323                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.int_insts        11070751                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.function_calls       249838                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.bw_lim_events       216209                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus09.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus09.rob.rob_reads           37182594                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus09.rob.rob_writes          29071396                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus09.timesIdled                305395                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus09.idleCycles               2070958                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus09.committedInsts          10008963                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.committedOps            12279655                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.committedInsts_total     10008963                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.cpi                     2.546688                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus09.cpi_total               2.546688                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus09.ipc                     0.392667                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus09.ipc_total               0.392667                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus09.int_regfile_reads       60240772                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus09.int_regfile_writes      18495703                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus09.misc_regfile_reads      13423182                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus09.misc_regfile_writes         3342                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus10.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus10.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.workload.num_syscalls                  6                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus10.numCycles               25489702                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus10.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus10.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.lookups        2310092                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1923449                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       211478                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       881864                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBHits         843630                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.usedRAS         248539                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         9811                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.icacheStallCycles     20086301                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Insts             12671708                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Branches           2310092                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.predictedBranches      1092169                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Cycles             2641263                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.SquashCycles        590518                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.BlockedCycles       672501                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.CacheLines         1249025                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.IcacheSquashes       202176                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::samples     23777162                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.655226                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.030861                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::0       21135899     88.89%     88.89% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::1         161424      0.68%     89.57% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::2         203927      0.86%     90.43% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::3         325374      1.37%     91.80% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::4         135999      0.57%     92.37% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::5         174780      0.74%     93.10% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::6         204081      0.86%     93.96% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::7          93790      0.39%     94.36% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::8        1341888      5.64%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::total     23777162                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.branchRate        0.090628                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rate              0.497130                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.decode.IdleCycles       19967787                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BlockedCycles       802575                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus10.decode.RunCycles         2628685                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus10.decode.UnblockCycles         1303                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.decode.SquashCycles       376810                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BranchResolved       351314                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BranchMispred          288                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus10.decode.DecodedInsts     15493724                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus10.decode.SquashedInsts         1658                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus10.rename.SquashCycles       376810                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.rename.IdleCycles       19988522                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus10.rename.BlockCycles         64759                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus10.rename.serializeStallCycles       681004                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RunCycles         2609204                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus10.rename.UnblockCycles        56856                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenamedInsts     15398024                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus10.rename.ROBFullEvents           21                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.IQFullEvents         8057                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.LSQFullEvents        39601                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenamedOperands     21502697                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenameLookups     71604055                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus10.rename.int_rename_lookups     71604055                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus10.rename.CommittedMaps     17958406                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.UndoneMaps        3544289                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus10.rename.serializingInsts         3726                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.tempSerializingInsts         1945                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.skidInsts          200441                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.insertedLoads      1446446                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.insertedStores       753485                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.conflictingLoads         8552                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.conflictingStores       169769                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqInstsAdded         15032522                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3742                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqInstsIssued        14408876                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        15423                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1848817                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      3786829                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          145                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     23777162                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.605996                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.327156                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     17674664     74.33%     74.33% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2781639     11.70%     86.03% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1137297      4.78%     90.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       638841      2.69%     93.50% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       863736      3.63%     97.14% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       267518      1.13%     98.26% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       261853      1.10%     99.36% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       140444      0.59%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        11170      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     23777162                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         99562     78.91%     78.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     78.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     78.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     78.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::MemRead        13740     10.89%     89.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        12877     10.21%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     12136901     84.23%     84.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       196809      1.37%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1781      0.01%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1322485      9.18%     94.79% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       750900      5.21%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::total     14408876                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.rate                 0.565282                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_busy_cnt            126179                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.008757                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     52736516                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     16885175                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     14031226                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_alu_accesses     14535055                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        10786                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       279140                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            4                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           96                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        11636                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewSquashCycles       376810                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewBlockCycles         49355                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewUnblockCycles         6397                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     15036271                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        11367                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1446446                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       753485                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         1945                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewIQFullEvents         5597                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            5                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus10.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           96                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus10.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       124694                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus10.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       119007                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus10.iew.branchMispredicts       243701                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecutedInsts     14157062                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1299682                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       251814                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_nop                   7                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_refs            2050463                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_branches        2001158                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_stores           750781                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_rate           0.555403                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_sent             14031319                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_count            14031226                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_producers         8406466                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_consumers        22590091                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_rate             0.550466                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_fanout           0.372131                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitCommittedInsts     10448054                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitCommittedOps     12874406                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2161917                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         3597                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus10.commit.branchMispredicts       213071                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     23400352                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.550180                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.370661                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     17951359     76.71%     76.71% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2761598     11.80%     88.52% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      1003432      4.29%     92.80% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       498560      2.13%     94.93% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       456815      1.95%     96.89% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       191615      0.82%     97.71% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       190262      0.81%     98.52% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        90331      0.39%     98.90% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       256380      1.10%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     23400352                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committedInsts     10448054                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committedOps     12874406                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.refs              1909155                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.loads             1167306                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.membars              1794                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.branches          1866129                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.int_insts        11591126                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.function_calls       265853                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.bw_lim_events       256380                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus10.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus10.rob.rob_reads           38180217                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus10.rob.rob_writes          30449471                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus10.timesIdled                306922                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus10.idleCycles               1712540                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus10.committedInsts          10448054                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.committedOps            12874406                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.committedInsts_total     10448054                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.cpi                     2.439660                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus10.cpi_total               2.439660                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus10.ipc                     0.409893                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus10.ipc_total               0.409893                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus10.int_regfile_reads       63697432                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus10.int_regfile_writes      19606451                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus10.misc_regfile_reads      14323584                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus10.misc_regfile_writes         3594                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus11.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus11.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.workload.num_syscalls                  2                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus11.numCycles               25489700                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus11.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus11.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.lookups        1928000                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1726291                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       153952                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      1288857                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBHits        1272514                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.usedRAS         112119                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         4601                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.icacheStallCycles     20463844                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Insts             10966072                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Branches           1928000                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.predictedBranches      1384633                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Cycles             2444010                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.SquashCycles        508650                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.BlockedCycles       308392                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.CacheLines         1238180                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.IcacheSquashes       150780                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::samples     23570112                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.519606                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.758712                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::0       21126102     89.63%     89.63% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::1         378052      1.60%     91.23% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::2         184681      0.78%     92.02% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::3         372858      1.58%     93.60% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::4         113713      0.48%     94.08% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::5         346398      1.47%     95.55% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::6          52903      0.22%     95.78% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::7          86310      0.37%     96.14% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::8         909095      3.86%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::total     23570112                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.branchRate        0.075638                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rate              0.430216                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.decode.IdleCycles       20194559                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BlockedCycles       582675                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus11.decode.RunCycles         2439038                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus11.decode.UnblockCycles         1933                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.decode.SquashCycles       351906                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BranchResolved       177566                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BranchMispred         1961                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus11.decode.DecodedInsts     12225026                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus11.decode.SquashedInsts         4634                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus11.rename.SquashCycles       351906                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.rename.IdleCycles       20224971                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus11.rename.BlockCycles        353601                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus11.rename.serializeStallCycles       138098                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RunCycles         2411103                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus11.rename.UnblockCycles        90427                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenamedInsts     12206110                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus11.rename.ROBFullEvents           18                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.IQFullEvents         9258                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.LSQFullEvents        73840                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenamedOperands     15955553                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenameLookups     55253742                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus11.rename.int_rename_lookups     55253742                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus11.rename.CommittedMaps     12895160                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.UndoneMaps        3060373                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus11.rename.serializingInsts         1590                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.tempSerializingInsts          808                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.skidInsts          190195                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.insertedLoads      2238023                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.insertedStores       347786                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.conflictingLoads         3172                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.conflictingStores        79565                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqInstsAdded         12141003                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         1594                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqInstsIssued        11354453                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         7543                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      2221329                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      4566743                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           15                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     23570112                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.481731                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.092341                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     18585830     78.85%     78.85% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      1556355      6.60%     85.46% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1686697      7.16%     92.61% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       974279      4.13%     96.75% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       492857      2.09%     98.84% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       123438      0.52%     99.36% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       144279      0.61%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         3441      0.01%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         2936      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     23570112                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         18793     57.63%     57.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     57.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     57.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     57.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     57.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     57.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     57.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     57.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     57.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     57.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     57.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     57.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     57.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     57.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     57.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     57.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     57.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::MemRead         7604     23.32%     80.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         6211     19.05%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      8879629     78.20%     78.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        86492      0.76%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          784      0.01%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      2043073     17.99%     96.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       344475      3.03%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::total     11354453                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.rate                 0.445453                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_busy_cnt             32608                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002872                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     46319169                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     14363961                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     11064309                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_alu_accesses     11387061                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         8389                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       457579                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           10                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           38                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         9459                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewSquashCycles       351906                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewBlockCycles        231556                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewUnblockCycles        11061                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     12142605                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          515                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      2238023                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       347786                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          805                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewIQFullEvents         4087                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewLSQFullEvents          250                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus11.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           38                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus11.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       103670                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus11.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        59517                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus11.iew.branchMispredicts       163187                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecutedInsts     11212817                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      2014952                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       141636                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_nop                   8                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_refs            2359393                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_branches        1707144                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_stores           344441                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_rate           0.439896                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_sent             11067039                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_count            11064309                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_producers         6704293                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_consumers        14447280                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_rate             0.434070                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_fanout           0.464052                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitCommittedInsts      8828275                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitCommittedOps      9904669                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2238422                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         1579                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus11.commit.branchMispredicts       152798                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     23218206                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.426591                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.298816                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     19549252     84.20%     84.20% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      1428628      6.15%     90.35% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       930885      4.01%     94.36% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       289560      1.25%     95.61% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       490556      2.11%     97.72% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        93185      0.40%     98.12% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        59013      0.25%     98.38% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        53652      0.23%     98.61% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       323475      1.39%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     23218206                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committedInsts      8828275                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committedOps      9904669                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.refs              2118766                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.loads             1780439                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.membars               788                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.branches          1523025                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.int_insts         8645072                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.function_calls       120466                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.bw_lim_events       323475                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus11.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus11.rob.rob_reads           35037796                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus11.rob.rob_writes          24638360                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus11.timesIdled                458202                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus11.idleCycles               1919588                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus11.committedInsts           8828275                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.committedOps             9904669                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.committedInsts_total      8828275                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.cpi                     2.887280                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus11.cpi_total               2.887280                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus11.ipc                     0.346347                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus11.ipc_total               0.346347                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus11.int_regfile_reads       52178463                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus11.int_regfile_writes      14381047                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus11.misc_regfile_reads      13044205                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus11.misc_regfile_writes         1578                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus12.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus12.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.workload.num_syscalls                  5                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus12.numCycles               25489702                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus12.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus12.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.lookups        2067615                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1691357                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       203931                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       853007                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBHits         813818                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.usedRAS         211847                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         9135                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.icacheStallCycles     20054151                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Insts             11735408                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Branches           2067615                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.predictedBranches      1025665                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Cycles             2458474                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.SquashCycles        592835                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.BlockedCycles       365909                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.CacheLines         1235111                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.IcacheSquashes       205270                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::samples     23263040                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.616376                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.968172                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::0       20804566     89.43%     89.43% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::1         133697      0.57%     90.01% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::2         210834      0.91%     90.91% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::3         334193      1.44%     92.35% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::4         138606      0.60%     92.95% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::5         154231      0.66%     93.61% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::6         166168      0.71%     94.32% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::7         107721      0.46%     94.79% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::8        1213024      5.21%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::total     23263040                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.branchRate        0.081116                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rate              0.460398                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.decode.IdleCycles       19869418                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BlockedCycles       552506                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus12.decode.RunCycles         2450341                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus12.decode.UnblockCycles         6538                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.decode.SquashCycles       384236                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BranchResolved       338420                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BranchMispred          272                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus12.decode.DecodedInsts     14327141                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus12.decode.SquashedInsts         1602                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus12.rename.SquashCycles       384236                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.rename.IdleCycles       19901096                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus12.rename.BlockCycles        179403                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus12.rename.serializeStallCycles       283057                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RunCycles         2425770                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus12.rename.UnblockCycles        89465                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenamedInsts     14316898                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus12.rename.ROBFullEvents         2377                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.IQFullEvents        24888                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.LSQFullEvents        33496                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.FullRegisterEvents         4735                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenamedOperands     19876205                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenameLookups     66596296                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus12.rename.int_rename_lookups     66596296                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus12.rename.CommittedMaps     16936263                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.UndoneMaps        2939937                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus12.rename.serializingInsts         3642                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.tempSerializingInsts         2002                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.skidInsts          269329                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.insertedLoads      1364611                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.insertedStores       733372                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.conflictingLoads        22091                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.conflictingStores       166762                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqInstsAdded         14294317                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3651                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqInstsIssued        13513431                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        16926                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1835090                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      4112292                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          349                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     23263040                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.580897                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.272985                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     17566415     75.51%     75.51% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2285577      9.82%     85.34% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1249539      5.37%     90.71% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       854295      3.67%     94.38% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       796761      3.43%     97.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       228419      0.98%     98.79% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       179508      0.77%     99.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        60504      0.26%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        42022      0.18%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     23263040                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          3220     12.56%     12.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::MemRead        10005     39.02%     51.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        12413     48.42%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     11320129     83.77%     83.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       214000      1.58%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1638      0.01%     85.37% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.37% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.37% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.37% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1248833      9.24%     94.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       728831      5.39%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::total     13513431                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.rate                 0.530153                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_busy_cnt             25638                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001897                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     50332464                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     16133215                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     13293701                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_alu_accesses     13539069                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        39978                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       246741                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           33                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          162                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        22557                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          874                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewSquashCycles       384236                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewBlockCycles        125160                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewUnblockCycles        12303                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     14297989                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         6097                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1364611                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       733372                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         2002                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewIQFullEvents         9058                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            1                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus12.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          162                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus12.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       118512                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus12.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       116855                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus12.iew.branchMispredicts       235367                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecutedInsts     13319403                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1174535                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       194026                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_nop                  21                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_refs            1902980                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_branches        1873421                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_stores           728445                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_rate           0.522541                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_sent             13293935                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_count            13293701                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_producers         7774050                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_consumers        20307058                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_rate             0.521532                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_fanout           0.382825                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitCommittedInsts      9948568                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitCommittedOps     12194411                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2103612                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         3302                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus12.commit.branchMispredicts       207949                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     22878804                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.533000                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.386137                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     17926395     78.35%     78.35% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2398767     10.48%     88.84% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       934280      4.08%     92.92% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       503420      2.20%     95.12% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       375787      1.64%     96.76% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       210449      0.92%     97.68% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       129997      0.57%     98.25% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       116223      0.51%     98.76% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       283486      1.24%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     22878804                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committedInsts      9948568                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committedOps     12194411                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.refs              1828682                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.loads             1117870                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.membars              1648                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.branches          1750395                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.int_insts        10988163                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.function_calls       247767                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.bw_lim_events       283486                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus12.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus12.rob.rob_reads           36893276                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus12.rob.rob_writes          28980325                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus12.timesIdled                325658                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus12.idleCycles               2226662                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus12.committedInsts           9948568                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.committedOps            12194411                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.committedInsts_total      9948568                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.cpi                     2.562148                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus12.cpi_total               2.562148                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus12.ipc                     0.390298                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus12.ipc_total               0.390298                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus12.int_regfile_reads       60061607                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus12.int_regfile_writes      18429476                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus12.misc_regfile_reads      13362933                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus12.misc_regfile_writes         3298                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus13.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus13.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.workload.num_syscalls                  6                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus13.numCycles               25489702                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus13.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus13.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.lookups        2103768                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1721636                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       206889                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       865702                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBHits         826595                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.usedRAS         216842                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         9407                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.icacheStallCycles     20242483                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Insts             11763737                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Branches           2103768                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.predictedBranches      1043437                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Cycles             2455074                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.SquashCycles        566891                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.BlockedCycles       460258                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.CacheLines         1239836                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.IcacheSquashes       207004                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::samples     23515132                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.614346                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.957325                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::0       21060058     89.56%     89.56% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::1         114693      0.49%     90.05% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::2         182513      0.78%     90.82% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::3         245538      1.04%     91.87% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::4         252020      1.07%     92.94% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::5         213814      0.91%     93.85% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::6         120892      0.51%     94.36% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::7         177241      0.75%     95.12% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::8        1148363      4.88%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::total     23515132                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.branchRate        0.082534                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rate              0.461509                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.decode.IdleCycles       20037830                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BlockedCycles       666984                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus13.decode.RunCycles         2450401                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus13.decode.UnblockCycles         2864                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.decode.SquashCycles       357051                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BranchResolved       345833                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BranchMispred          267                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus13.decode.DecodedInsts     14432918                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus13.decode.SquashedInsts         1545                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus13.rename.SquashCycles       357051                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.rename.IdleCycles       20093322                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus13.rename.BlockCycles        135857                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus13.rename.serializeStallCycles       405662                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RunCycles         2398549                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus13.rename.UnblockCycles       124689                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenamedInsts     14426954                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus13.rename.ROBFullEvents           28                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.IQFullEvents        16793                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.LSQFullEvents        54414                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenamedOperands     20131458                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenameLookups     67113181                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus13.rename.int_rename_lookups     67113181                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus13.rename.CommittedMaps     17418511                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.UndoneMaps        2712939                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus13.rename.serializingInsts         3473                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.tempSerializingInsts         1758                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.skidInsts          376439                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.insertedLoads      1351693                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.insertedStores       730823                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.conflictingLoads         8685                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.conflictingStores       271013                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqInstsAdded         14406634                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3485                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqInstsIssued        13669894                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         2008                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1612743                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      3871659                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           30                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     23515132                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.581323                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.267333                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     17655842     75.08%     75.08% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2468854     10.50%     85.58% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1233167      5.24%     90.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       881147      3.75%     94.57% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       698603      2.97%     97.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       288473      1.23%     98.77% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       181488      0.77%     99.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        94904      0.40%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        12654      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     23515132                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          2795     12.33%     12.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::MemRead         8403     37.08%     49.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        11464     50.59%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     11496063     84.10%     84.10% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       203806      1.49%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1713      0.01%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1239846      9.07%     94.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       728466      5.33%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::total     13669894                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.rate                 0.536291                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_busy_cnt             22662                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001658                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     50879590                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     16022925                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     13462370                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_alu_accesses     13692556                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        27929                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       219760                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           13                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           66                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        10714                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewSquashCycles       357051                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewBlockCycles        107588                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewUnblockCycles        12294                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     14410147                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         6702                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1351693                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       730823                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         1760                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewIQFullEvents        10429                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus13.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           66                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus13.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       119771                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus13.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       116597                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus13.iew.branchMispredicts       236368                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecutedInsts     13479587                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1166122                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       190307                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_nop                  28                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_refs            1894524                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_branches        1914970                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_stores           728402                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_rate           0.528825                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_sent             13462506                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_count            13462370                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_producers         7728316                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_consumers        20826355                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_rate             0.528149                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_fanout           0.371083                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitCommittedInsts     10154478                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitCommittedOps     12495482                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitSquashedInsts      1914660                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         3455                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus13.commit.branchMispredicts       209264                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     23158081                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.539573                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.377251                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     17968697     77.59%     77.59% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2602634     11.24%     88.83% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       954731      4.12%     92.95% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       456608      1.97%     94.92% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       423337      1.83%     96.75% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       223073      0.96%     97.72% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       169498      0.73%     98.45% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        88163      0.38%     98.83% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       271340      1.17%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     23158081                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committedInsts     10154478                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committedOps     12495482                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.refs              1852039                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.loads             1131930                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.membars              1724                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.branches          1802043                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.int_insts        11258225                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.function_calls       257373                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.bw_lim_events       271340                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus13.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus13.rob.rob_reads           37296805                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus13.rob.rob_writes          29177355                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus13.timesIdled                308399                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus13.idleCycles               1974570                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus13.committedInsts          10154478                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.committedOps            12495482                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.committedInsts_total     10154478                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.cpi                     2.510193                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus13.cpi_total               2.510193                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus13.ipc                     0.398376                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus13.ipc_total               0.398376                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus13.int_regfile_reads       60669736                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus13.int_regfile_writes      18752873                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus13.misc_regfile_reads      13379576                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus13.misc_regfile_writes         3450                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus14.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus14.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.workload.num_syscalls                  5                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus14.numCycles               25489702                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus14.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus14.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.lookups        2066293                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1690002                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       204121                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       857714                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBHits         814153                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.usedRAS         211961                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         9087                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.icacheStallCycles     20063229                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Insts             11725199                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Branches           2066293                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.predictedBranches      1026114                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Cycles             2456837                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.SquashCycles        591462                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.BlockedCycles       361074                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.CacheLines         1235590                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.IcacheSquashes       205610                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::samples     23264084                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.615820                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.967272                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::0       20807247     89.44%     89.44% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::1         133471      0.57%     90.01% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::2         210947      0.91%     90.92% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::3         334377      1.44%     92.36% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::4         138636      0.60%     92.95% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::5         154679      0.66%     93.62% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::6         165208      0.71%     94.33% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::7         107353      0.46%     94.79% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::8        1212166      5.21%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::total     23264084                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.branchRate        0.081064                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rate              0.459997                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.decode.IdleCycles       19878149                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BlockedCycles       547981                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus14.decode.RunCycles         2449009                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus14.decode.UnblockCycles         6278                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.decode.SquashCycles       382666                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BranchResolved       338467                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BranchMispred          279                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus14.decode.DecodedInsts     14315039                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus14.decode.SquashedInsts         1653                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus14.rename.SquashCycles       382666                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.rename.IdleCycles       19909794                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus14.rename.BlockCycles        172857                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus14.rename.serializeStallCycles       285317                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RunCycles         2424135                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus14.rename.UnblockCycles        89302                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenamedInsts     14305673                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus14.rename.ROBFullEvents         2453                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.IQFullEvents        24690                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.LSQFullEvents        33445                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.FullRegisterEvents         4629                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenamedOperands     19860680                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenameLookups     66543595                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus14.rename.int_rename_lookups     66543595                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus14.rename.CommittedMaps     16935196                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.UndoneMaps        2925478                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus14.rename.serializingInsts         3588                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.tempSerializingInsts         1949                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.skidInsts          269441                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.insertedLoads      1363497                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.insertedStores       732860                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.conflictingLoads        22104                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.conflictingStores       166214                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqInstsAdded         14283293                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3599                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqInstsIssued        13511080                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        17026                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1823569                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      4071608                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          297                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     23264084                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.580770                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.272867                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     17567578     75.51%     75.51% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2286043      9.83%     85.34% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1250497      5.38%     90.72% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       852962      3.67%     94.38% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       796958      3.43%     97.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       227716      0.98%     98.79% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       179724      0.77%     99.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        60447      0.26%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        42159      0.18%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     23264084                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          3195     12.46%     12.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::MemRead        10064     39.23%     51.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        12392     48.31%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     11318590     83.77%     83.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       213760      1.58%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1638      0.01%     85.37% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.37% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.37% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.37% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1248663      9.24%     94.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       728429      5.39%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::total     13511080                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.rate                 0.530060                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_busy_cnt             25651                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001899                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     50328921                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     16110610                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     13290443                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_alu_accesses     13536731                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        40171                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       245702                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           29                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          153                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        22089                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          879                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewSquashCycles       382666                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewBlockCycles        118883                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewUnblockCycles        12288                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     14286912                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         6436                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1363497                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       732860                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         1950                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewIQFullEvents         9036                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            1                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus14.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          153                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus14.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       118585                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus14.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       116820                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus14.iew.branchMispredicts       235405                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecutedInsts     13316053                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1174062                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       195027                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_nop                  20                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_refs            1902101                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_branches        1873274                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_stores           728039                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_rate           0.522409                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_sent             13290692                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_count            13290443                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_producers         7771358                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_consumers        20300176                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_rate             0.521404                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_fanout           0.382822                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitCommittedInsts      9947946                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitCommittedOps     12193621                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2093325                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         3302                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus14.commit.branchMispredicts       208133                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     22881418                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.532905                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.386228                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     17929841     78.36%     78.36% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2398325     10.48%     88.84% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       934572      4.08%     92.93% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       502759      2.20%     95.12% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       375665      1.64%     96.76% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       210194      0.92%     97.68% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       130230      0.57%     98.25% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       115791      0.51%     98.76% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       284041      1.24%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     22881418                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committedInsts      9947946                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committedOps     12193621                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.refs              1828562                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.loads             1117791                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.membars              1648                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.branches          1750264                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.int_insts        10987453                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.function_calls       247745                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.bw_lim_events       284041                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus14.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus14.rob.rob_reads           36884258                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus14.rob.rob_writes          28956594                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus14.timesIdled                325608                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus14.idleCycles               2225618                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus14.committedInsts           9947946                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.committedOps            12193621                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.committedInsts_total      9947946                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.cpi                     2.562308                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus14.cpi_total               2.562308                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus14.ipc                     0.390273                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus14.ipc_total               0.390273                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus14.int_regfile_reads       60047397                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus14.int_regfile_writes      18425672                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus14.misc_regfile_reads      13351967                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus14.misc_regfile_writes         3298                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus15.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus15.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.workload.num_syscalls                  2                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus15.numCycles               25489702                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus15.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus15.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.lookups        1927470                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1725908                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       154360                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      1289227                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBHits        1272300                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.usedRAS         112006                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         4602                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.icacheStallCycles     20462274                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Insts             10963413                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Branches           1927470                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.predictedBranches      1384306                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Cycles             2443485                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.SquashCycles        509723                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.BlockedCycles       308483                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.CacheLines         1238371                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.IcacheSquashes       151135                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::samples     23568768                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.519583                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.758702                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::0       21125283     89.63%     89.63% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::1         378129      1.60%     91.24% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::2         184075      0.78%     92.02% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::3         372361      1.58%     93.60% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::4         114555      0.49%     94.08% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::5         346065      1.47%     95.55% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::6          52985      0.22%     95.78% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::7          86404      0.37%     96.14% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::8         908911      3.86%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::total     23568768                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.branchRate        0.075618                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rate              0.430111                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.decode.IdleCycles       20191280                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BlockedCycles       584488                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus15.decode.RunCycles         2438471                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus15.decode.UnblockCycles         1960                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.decode.SquashCycles       352568                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BranchResolved       177474                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BranchMispred         1958                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus15.decode.DecodedInsts     12223626                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus15.decode.SquashedInsts         4632                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus15.rename.SquashCycles       352568                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.rename.IdleCycles       20221854                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus15.rename.BlockCycles        356184                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus15.rename.serializeStallCycles       136853                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RunCycles         2410443                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus15.rename.UnblockCycles        90860                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenamedInsts     12204649                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus15.rename.ROBFullEvents           20                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.IQFullEvents         9240                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.LSQFullEvents        74349                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenamedOperands     15952897                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenameLookups     55249682                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus15.rename.int_rename_lookups     55249682                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus15.rename.CommittedMaps     12889279                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.UndoneMaps        3063588                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus15.rename.serializingInsts         1591                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.tempSerializingInsts          808                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.skidInsts          190736                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.insertedLoads      2238363                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.insertedStores       347644                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.conflictingLoads         3120                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.conflictingStores        79422                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqInstsAdded         12139663                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         1594                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqInstsIssued        11350596                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         7406                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      2224528                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      4578730                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           15                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     23568768                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.481595                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.092274                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     18586258     78.86%     78.86% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      1556747      6.61%     85.46% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1684522      7.15%     92.61% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       974233      4.13%     96.75% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       492713      2.09%     98.84% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       123717      0.52%     99.36% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       144240      0.61%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         3475      0.01%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         2863      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     23568768                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         18697     57.41%     57.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     57.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     57.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     57.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     57.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     57.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     57.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     57.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     57.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     57.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     57.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     57.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     57.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     57.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     57.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     57.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     57.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::MemRead         7649     23.48%     80.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         6224     19.11%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      8877640     78.21%     78.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        86375      0.76%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          784      0.01%     78.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      2041396     17.98%     96.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       344401      3.03%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::total     11350596                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.rate                 0.445301                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_busy_cnt             32570                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002869                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     46309936                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     14365822                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     11060127                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_alu_accesses     11383166                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         8480                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       459407                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           11                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           39                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         9323                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewSquashCycles       352568                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewBlockCycles        233312                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewUnblockCycles        11116                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     12141262                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          502                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      2238363                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       347644                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          805                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewIQFullEvents         4126                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewLSQFullEvents          252                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus15.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           39                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus15.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       104017                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus15.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        59675                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus15.iew.branchMispredicts       163692                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecutedInsts     11208268                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      2013251                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       142328                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_nop                   5                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_refs            2357623                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_branches        1706337                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_stores           344372                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_rate           0.439717                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_sent             11062790                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_count            11060127                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_producers         6701642                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_consumers        14447302                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_rate             0.433906                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_fanout           0.463868                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitCommittedInsts      8823299                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitCommittedOps      9899693                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2242044                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         1579                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus15.commit.branchMispredicts       153209                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     23216200                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.426413                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.298585                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     19548951     84.20%     84.20% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      1428218      6.15%     90.36% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       930350      4.01%     94.36% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       289338      1.25%     95.61% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       490272      2.11%     97.72% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        92991      0.40%     98.12% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        59139      0.25%     98.38% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        53644      0.23%     98.61% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       323297      1.39%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     23216200                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committedInsts      8823299                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committedOps      9899693                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.refs              2117268                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.loads             1778947                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.membars               788                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.branches          1522217                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.int_insts         8640898                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.function_calls       120463                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.bw_lim_events       323297                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus15.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus15.rob.rob_reads           35034614                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus15.rob.rob_writes          24636321                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus15.timesIdled                458485                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus15.idleCycles               1920934                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus15.committedInsts           8823299                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.committedOps             9899693                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.committedInsts_total      8823299                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.cpi                     2.888908                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus15.cpi_total               2.888908                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus15.ipc                     0.346152                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus15.ipc_total               0.346152                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus15.int_regfile_reads       52156097                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus15.int_regfile_writes      14375740                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus15.misc_regfile_reads      13040163                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus15.misc_regfile_writes         1578                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.l2.replacements                          34906                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tagsinuse                      32762.477850                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.total_refs                          1184581                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.sampled_refs                          67671                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.avg_refs                          17.505002                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.warmup_cycle                              0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.occ_blocks::writebacks           303.926009                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.inst    20.786603                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.data   862.431114                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.inst    17.914086                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.data   855.319377                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.inst    22.791866                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.data  1218.833408                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.inst    19.942873                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.data   851.746903                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.inst    23.306607                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.data  1363.251150                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.inst    17.046873                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.data   861.406386                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.inst    22.380269                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.data   510.524396                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.inst    20.002595                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.data   885.470444                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.inst    25.921955                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.data   591.691296                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.inst    20.557424                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.data   863.237595                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.inst    20.746798                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.data   490.254886                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.inst    18.553037                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.data   860.091599                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.inst    19.946201                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.data  1218.351358                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.inst    22.572128                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.data   609.825400                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.inst    23.105731                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.data  1180.673975                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.inst    17.070724                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.data   855.445024                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu00.data          1129.132991                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu01.data          1236.680832                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu02.data          1234.031229                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu03.data          1153.308998                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu04.data          1335.143843                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu05.data          1220.737686                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu06.data           735.517245                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu07.data          1057.751382                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu08.data           944.755909                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu09.data          1177.393816                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu10.data           779.490582                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu11.data          1261.256720                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu12.data          1273.164840                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu13.data           921.970537                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu14.data          1322.130764                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu15.data          1264.884386                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_percent::writebacks            0.009275                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000634                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.data     0.026319                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000547                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.data     0.026102                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000696                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.data     0.037196                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000609                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.data     0.025993                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000711                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.data     0.041603                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000520                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.data     0.026288                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000683                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.data     0.015580                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000610                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.data     0.027022                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000791                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.data     0.018057                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000627                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.data     0.026344                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000633                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.data     0.014961                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000566                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.data     0.026248                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000609                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.data     0.037181                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000689                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.data     0.018610                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000705                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.data     0.036031                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000521                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.data     0.026106                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu00.data            0.034458                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu01.data            0.037741                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu02.data            0.037660                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu03.data            0.035196                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu04.data            0.040745                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu05.data            0.037254                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu06.data            0.022446                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu07.data            0.032280                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu08.data            0.028832                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu09.data            0.035931                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu10.data            0.023788                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu11.data            0.038491                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu12.data            0.038854                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu13.data            0.028136                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu14.data            0.040348                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu15.data            0.038601                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::total                 0.999831                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data         3606                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data         3485                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data         4122                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data         3661                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data         4890                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data         3412                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data         2554                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data         3546                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            3                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data         2661                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data         3666                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data         2590                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data         3432                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data         4223                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            3                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data         2620                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data         4234                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data         3429                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::total                   56153                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.Writeback_hits::writebacks            18015                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.Writeback_hits::total                 18015                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data            6                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data            6                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data            6                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data           18                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data            6                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data           14                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data           18                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data            6                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                   200                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.data         3621                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.data         3491                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.data         4137                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.data         3676                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.data         4896                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.data         3418                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.data         2569                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.data         3561                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            3                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.data         2679                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.data         3681                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.data         2605                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.data         3438                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.data         4237                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            3                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.data         2638                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.data         4249                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.data         3435                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                    56353                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.data         3621                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.data         3491                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.data         4137                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.data         3676                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.data         4896                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.data         3418                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.data         2569                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.data         3561                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            3                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.data         2679                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.data         3681                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.data         2605                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.data         3438                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.data         4237                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            3                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.data         2638                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.data         4249                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.data         3435                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                   56353                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           33                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data         2030                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           28                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data         2083                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data         3134                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           33                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data         2008                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data         3266                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           25                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data         2143                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data         1219                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           33                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data         2075                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data         1461                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           33                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data         1994                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           32                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data         1180                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           30                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data         2105                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data         3023                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data         1495                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data         2999                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           28                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data         2121                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::total                 34875                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data            2                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total                  12                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           33                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.data         2033                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           28                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.data         2083                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.data         3134                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           33                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.data         2009                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.data         3269                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           25                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.data         2143                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.data         1219                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           33                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.data         2078                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.data         1461                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           33                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.data         1996                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           32                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.data         1180                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           30                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.data         2105                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.data         3023                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.data         1495                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.data         2999                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           28                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.data         2121                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                  34887                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           33                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.data         2033                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           28                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.data         2083                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           39                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.data         3134                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           33                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.data         2009                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           39                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.data         3269                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           25                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.data         2143                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           36                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.data         1219                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           33                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.data         2078                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           39                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.data         1461                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           33                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.data         1996                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           32                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.data         1180                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           30                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.data         2105                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           35                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.data         3023                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           39                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.data         1495                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           37                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.data         2999                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           28                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.data         2121                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                 34887                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      4933615                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    306955082                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      4198449                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    315290714                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      5983022                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    474807172                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      5052115                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    302688740                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      5886856                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    494483701                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      3672539                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    321407410                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      5390457                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    184457024                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      4942171                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    314179696                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      5867100                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    220821732                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      5005054                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    300542499                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      4834441                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    179069055                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      4511960                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    317385601                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      5446416                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    457309955                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      6051327                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    225739603                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      5516481                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    454233121                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      4048839                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    318649858                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      5269361805                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data       485816                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data       142668                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data       475123                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data       443078                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data       302654                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total       1849339                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      4933615                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    307440898                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      4198449                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    315290714                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      5983022                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    474807172                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      5052115                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    302831408                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      5886856                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    494958824                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      3672539                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    321407410                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      5390457                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    184457024                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      4942171                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    314622774                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      5867100                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    220821732                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      5005054                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    300845153                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      4834441                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    179069055                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      4511960                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    317385601                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      5446416                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    457309955                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      6051327                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    225739603                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      5516481                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    454233121                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      4048839                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    318649858                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total       5271211144                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      4933615                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    307440898                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      4198449                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    315290714                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      5983022                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    474807172                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      5052115                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    302831408                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      5886856                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    494958824                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      3672539                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    321407410                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      5390457                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    184457024                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      4942171                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    314622774                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      5867100                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    220821732                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      5005054                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    300845153                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      4834441                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    179069055                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      4511960                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    317385601                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      5446416                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    457309955                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      6051327                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    225739603                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      5516481                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    454233121                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      4048839                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    318649858                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total      5271211144                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data         5636                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           29                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data         5568                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data         7256                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data         5669                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data         8156                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           26                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data         5555                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data         3773                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data         5621                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           42                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data         4122                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data         5660                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data         3770                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           31                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data         5537                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data         7246                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           42                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data         4115                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data         7233                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           29                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data         5550                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::total               91028                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::writebacks        18015                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::total             18015                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data           18                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data            6                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data           16                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data            9                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data            6                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data           18                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data           18                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data           17                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data            6                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data           14                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data           18                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data            6                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total               212                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.data         5654                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           29                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.data         5574                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.data         7271                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.data         5685                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.data         8165                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           26                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.data         5561                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.data         3788                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.data         5639                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           42                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.data         4140                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.data         5677                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.data         3785                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           31                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.data         5543                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.data         7260                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           42                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.data         4133                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.data         7248                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           29                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.data         5556                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total                91240                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           34                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.data         5654                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           29                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.data         5574                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           40                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.data         7271                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           34                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.data         5685                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           40                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.data         8165                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           26                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.data         5561                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           38                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.data         3788                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           34                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.data         5639                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           42                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.data         4140                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           34                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.data         5677                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           34                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.data         3785                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           31                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.data         5543                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           36                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.data         7260                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           42                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.data         4133                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           38                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.data         7248                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           29                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.data         5556                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total               91240                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.970588                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.360185                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.965517                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.374102                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.975000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.431918                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.970588                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.354207                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.975000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.400441                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.961538                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.385779                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.947368                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.323085                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.970588                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.369151                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.928571                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.354440                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.970588                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.352297                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.941176                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.312997                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.967742                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.380170                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.972222                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.417196                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.928571                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.363305                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.973684                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.414627                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.965517                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.382162                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::total           0.383124                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.166667                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.062500                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.333333                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.166667                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.117647                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.056604                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.970588                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.359568                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.965517                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.373699                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.975000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.431027                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.970588                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.353386                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.975000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.400367                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.961538                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.385362                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.947368                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.321806                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.970588                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.368505                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.928571                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.352899                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.970588                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.351594                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.941176                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.311757                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.967742                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.379758                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.972222                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.416391                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.928571                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.361723                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.973684                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.413769                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.965517                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.381749                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.382365                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.970588                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.359568                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.965517                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.373699                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.975000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.431027                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.970588                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.353386                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.975000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.400367                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.961538                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.385362                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.947368                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.321806                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.970588                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.368505                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.928571                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.352899                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.970588                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.351594                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.941176                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.311757                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.967742                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.379758                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.972222                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.416391                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.928571                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.361723                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.973684                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.413769                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.965517                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.381749                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.382365                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 149503.484848                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 151209.400000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 149944.607143                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 151363.760922                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 153410.820513                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 151501.969368                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 153094.393939                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 150741.404382                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 150945.025641                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 151403.460196                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 146901.560000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 149980.125992                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 149734.916667                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 151318.313372                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 149762.757576                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 151411.901687                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 150438.461538                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 151144.238193                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 151668.303030                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 150723.419759                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 151076.281250                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 151753.436441                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 150398.666667                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 150777.007601                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 155611.885714                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 151276.862388                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 155162.230769                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 150996.389967                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 149094.081081                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 151461.527509                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 144601.392857                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 150235.670910                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 151092.811613                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 161938.666667                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data       142668                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 158374.333333                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 147692.666667                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data       151327                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 154111.583333                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 149503.484848                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 151225.232661                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 149944.607143                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 151363.760922                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 153410.820513                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 151501.969368                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 153094.393939                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 150737.385764                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 150945.025641                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 151409.857449                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 146901.560000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 149980.125992                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 149734.916667                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 151318.313372                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 149762.757576                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 151406.532243                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 150438.461538                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 151144.238193                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 151668.303030                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 150724.024549                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 151076.281250                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 151753.436441                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 150398.666667                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 150777.007601                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 155611.885714                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 151276.862388                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 155162.230769                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 150996.389967                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 149094.081081                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 151461.527509                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 144601.392857                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 150235.670910                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 151093.849973                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 149503.484848                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 151225.232661                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 149944.607143                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 151363.760922                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 153410.820513                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 151501.969368                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 153094.393939                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 150737.385764                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 150945.025641                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 151409.857449                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 146901.560000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 149980.125992                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 149734.916667                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 151318.313372                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 149762.757576                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 151406.532243                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 150438.461538                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 151144.238193                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 151668.303030                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 150724.024549                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 151076.281250                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 151753.436441                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 150398.666667                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 150777.007601                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 155611.885714                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 151276.862388                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 155162.230769                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 150996.389967                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 149094.081081                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 151461.527509                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 144601.392857                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 150235.670910                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 151093.849973                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.fast_writes                               0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2.cache_copies                              0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks                 9654                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                      9654                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           33                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data         2030                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           28                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data         2083                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data         3134                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           33                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data         2008                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data         3266                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           25                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data         2143                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data         1219                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           33                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data         2075                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data         1461                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           33                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data         1994                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           32                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data         1180                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           30                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data         2105                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data         3023                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data         1495                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data         2999                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           28                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data         2121                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            34875                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data            2                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total             12                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           33                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data         2033                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           28                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data         2083                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data         3134                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           33                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data         2009                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data         3269                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           25                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data         2143                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data         1219                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           33                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data         2078                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data         1461                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           33                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data         1996                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           32                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data         1180                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           30                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data         2105                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data         3023                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data         1495                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data         2999                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           28                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data         2121                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total             34887                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           33                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data         2033                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           28                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data         2083                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data         3134                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           33                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data         2009                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data         3269                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           25                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data         2143                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data         1219                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           33                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data         2078                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data         1461                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           33                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data         1996                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           32                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data         1180                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           30                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data         2105                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data         3023                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data         1495                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data         2999                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           28                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data         2121                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total            34887                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      3012595                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    188725812                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      2569261                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    193980619                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      3712375                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    292321670                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      3134172                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    185759309                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      3615682                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    304311446                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      2218217                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    196553209                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      3295583                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    113480804                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      3024096                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    193344181                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      3597245                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    135740925                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      3087261                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    184401367                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      2975792                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    110366923                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      2767950                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    194772918                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      3409232                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    281281585                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      3785502                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    138671824                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      3363197                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    279634482                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      2420517                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    195112933                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3238448684                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data       310788                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data        84368                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data       300218                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data       268055                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data       186281                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1149710                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      3012595                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    189036600                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      2569261                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    193980619                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      3712375                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    292321670                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      3134172                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    185843677                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      3615682                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    304611664                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      2218217                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    196553209                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      3295583                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    113480804                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      3024096                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    193612236                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      3597245                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    135740925                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      3087261                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    184587648                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      2975792                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    110366923                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      2767950                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    194772918                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      3409232                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    281281585                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      3785502                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    138671824                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      3363197                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    279634482                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      2420517                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    195112933                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   3239598394                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      3012595                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    189036600                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      2569261                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    193980619                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      3712375                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    292321670                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      3134172                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    185843677                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      3615682                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    304611664                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      2218217                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    196553209                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      3295583                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    113480804                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      3024096                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    193612236                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      3597245                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    135740925                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      3087261                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    184587648                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      2975792                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    110366923                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      2767950                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    194772918                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      3409232                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    281281585                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      3785502                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    138671824                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      3363197                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    279634482                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      2420517                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    195112933                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   3239598394                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.970588                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.360185                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.965517                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.374102                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.975000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.431918                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.970588                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.354207                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.975000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.400441                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.961538                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.385779                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.947368                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.323085                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.970588                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.369151                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.928571                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.354440                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.970588                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.352297                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.941176                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.312997                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.967742                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.380170                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.417196                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.928571                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.363305                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.973684                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.414627                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.965517                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.382162                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.383124                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.166667                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.062500                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.333333                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.166667                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.117647                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.056604                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.970588                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.359568                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.965517                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.373699                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.975000                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.431027                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.970588                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.353386                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.975000                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.400367                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.961538                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.385362                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.947368                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.321806                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.970588                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.368505                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.928571                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.352899                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.970588                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.351594                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.941176                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.311757                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.967742                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.379758                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.416391                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.928571                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.361723                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.973684                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.413769                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.965517                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.381749                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.382365                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.970588                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.359568                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.965517                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.373699                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.975000                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.431027                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.970588                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.353386                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.975000                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.400367                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.961538                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.385362                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.947368                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.321806                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.970588                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.368505                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.928571                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.352899                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.970588                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.351594                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.941176                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.311757                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.967742                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.379758                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.416391                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.928571                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.361723                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.973684                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.413769                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.965517                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.381749                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.382365                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 91290.757576                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 92968.380296                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 91759.321429                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 93125.597216                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 95189.102564                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 93274.304403                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 94974.909091                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 92509.616036                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 92709.794872                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 93175.580527                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 88728.680000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 91718.716286                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 91543.972222                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 93093.358491                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 91639.272727                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 93177.918554                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 92237.051282                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 92909.599589                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 93553.363636                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 92478.117854                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 92993.500000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 93531.290678                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst        92265                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 92528.702138                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 97406.628571                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 93047.166722                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 97064.153846                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 92757.072910                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 90897.216216                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 93242.574858                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 86447.035714                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 91991.010372                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 92858.743627                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data       103596                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data        84368                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 100072.666667                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 89351.666667                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 93140.500000                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 95809.166667                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 91290.757576                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 92984.062961                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 91759.321429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 93125.597216                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 95189.102564                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 93274.304403                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 94974.909091                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 92505.563464                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 92709.794872                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 93181.910064                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 88728.680000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 91718.716286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 91543.972222                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 93093.358491                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 91639.272727                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 93172.394610                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 92237.051282                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 92909.599589                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 93553.363636                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 92478.781563                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 92993.500000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 93531.290678                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst        92265                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 92528.702138                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 97406.628571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 93047.166722                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 97064.153846                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 92757.072910                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 90897.216216                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 93242.574858                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 86447.035714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 91991.010372                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 92859.758477                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 91290.757576                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 92984.062961                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 91759.321429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 93125.597216                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 95189.102564                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 93274.304403                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 94974.909091                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 92505.563464                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 92709.794872                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 93181.910064                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 88728.680000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 91718.716286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 91543.972222                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 93093.358491                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 91639.272727                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 93172.394610                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 92237.051282                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 92909.599589                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 93553.363636                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 92478.781563                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 92993.500000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 93531.290678                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst        92265                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 92528.702138                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 97406.628571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 93047.166722                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 97064.153846                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 92757.072910                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 90897.216216                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 93242.574858                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 86447.035714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 91991.010372                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 92859.758477                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.no_allocate_misses                        0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu00.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu00.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu00.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu00.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu00.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu00.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu00.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu00.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu00.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu00.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu00.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu00.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu00.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu00.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu00.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu00.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu00.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu00.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu00.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu00.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu00.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu00.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu00.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu00.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu00.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu00.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu00.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu00.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu00.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu00.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu00.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu00.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu00.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu00.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu00.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu00.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu00.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu00.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu00.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu00.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu00.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu00.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu00.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu00.icache.tagsinuse              511.211698                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu00.icache.total_refs             1001229406                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.sampled_refs                  516                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.avg_refs             1940367.065891                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu00.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.inst    29.211698                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.icache.occ_blocks::cpu00.inst          482                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.inst     0.046814                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::cpu00.inst     0.772436                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::total       0.819250                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.inst      1221314                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1221314                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.inst      1221314                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_hits::total        1221314                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.inst      1221314                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_hits::total       1221314                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           42                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           42                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           42                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_misses::total           42                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           42                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_misses::total           42                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      6594686                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      6594686                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      6594686                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      6594686                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      6594686                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      6594686                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst      1221356                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1221356                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst      1221356                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_accesses::total      1221356                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst      1221356                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_accesses::total      1221356                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000034                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000034                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000034                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000034                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000034                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000034                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 157016.333333                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 157016.333333                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 157016.333333                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 157016.333333                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 157016.333333                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 157016.333333                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu00.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            8                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            8                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            8                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           34                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           34                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           34                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           34                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      5422770                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5422770                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      5422770                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      5422770                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      5422770                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      5422770                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000028                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000028                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000028                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000028                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000028                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000028                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 159493.235294                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 159493.235294                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 159493.235294                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 159493.235294                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 159493.235294                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 159493.235294                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu00.dcache.replacements                 5654                       # number of replacements
system.cpu00.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu00.dcache.total_refs              158373834                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.sampled_refs                 5910                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_refs             26797.603046                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.data   225.272763                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu00.data    30.727237                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.data     0.879972                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::cpu00.data     0.120028                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data       859645                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        859645                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data       726477                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       726477                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data         1782                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1782                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data         1670                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1670                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.data      1586122                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_hits::total        1586122                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.data      1586122                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_hits::total       1586122                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data        19371                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        19371                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data          477                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          477                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.data        19848                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_misses::total        19848                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.data        19848                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_misses::total        19848                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   2426317410                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2426317410                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data     57777153                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     57777153                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   2484094563                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   2484094563                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   2484094563                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   2484094563                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data       879016                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       879016                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data       726954                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       726954                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data         1782                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1782                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data         1670                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1670                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.data      1605970                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1605970                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.data      1605970                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1605970                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.022037                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.022037                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.000656                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000656                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.012359                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012359                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.012359                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012359                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 125255.144804                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 125255.144804                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 121126.106918                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 121126.106918                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 125155.913089                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 125155.913089                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 125155.913089                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 125155.913089                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu00.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu00.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         1943                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu00.dcache.writebacks::total            1943                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data        13735                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        13735                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data          459                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          459                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data        14194                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        14194                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data        14194                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        14194                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data         5636                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         5636                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data           18                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           18                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data         5654                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         5654                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data         5654                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         5654                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    571462871                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    571462871                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data      1573568                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1573568                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    573036439                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    573036439                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    573036439                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    573036439                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.006412                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006412                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.000025                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000025                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.003521                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003521                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.003521                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003521                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 101395.115507                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 101395.115507                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 87420.444444                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 87420.444444                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 101350.625929                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 101350.625929                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 101350.625929                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 101350.625929                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu01.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu01.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu01.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu01.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu01.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu01.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu01.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu01.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu01.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu01.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu01.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu01.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu01.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu01.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu01.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu01.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu01.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu01.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu01.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu01.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu01.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu01.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu01.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu01.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu01.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu01.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu01.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu01.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu01.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu01.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu01.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu01.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu01.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu01.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu01.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu01.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu01.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu01.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu01.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu01.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu01.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu01.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu01.icache.replacements                    1                       # number of replacements
system.cpu01.icache.tagsinuse              548.687538                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu01.icache.total_refs              919935620                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.sampled_refs                  556                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.avg_refs             1654560.467626                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu01.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.inst    22.356338                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.icache.occ_blocks::cpu01.inst   526.331200                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.inst     0.035827                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::cpu01.inst     0.843479                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::total       0.879307                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.inst      1238437                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1238437                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.inst      1238437                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_hits::total        1238437                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.inst      1238437                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_hits::total       1238437                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           35                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_misses::total           35                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           35                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_misses::total           35                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      5580519                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      5580519                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      5580519                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      5580519                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      5580519                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      5580519                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst      1238472                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1238472                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst      1238472                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_accesses::total      1238472                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst      1238472                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_accesses::total      1238472                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000028                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000028                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000028                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000028                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000028                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000028                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 159443.400000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 159443.400000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 159443.400000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 159443.400000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 159443.400000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 159443.400000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu01.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            6                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            6                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            6                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            6                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            6                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            6                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           29                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           29                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           29                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           29                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           29                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           29                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      4716116                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      4716116                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      4716116                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      4716116                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      4716116                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      4716116                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 162624.689655                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 162624.689655                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 162624.689655                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 162624.689655                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 162624.689655                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 162624.689655                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu01.dcache.replacements                 5574                       # number of replacements
system.cpu01.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu01.dcache.total_refs              205253584                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.sampled_refs                 5830                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_refs             35206.446655                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.data   192.617657                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu01.data    63.382343                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.data     0.752413                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::cpu01.data     0.247587                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data      1845753                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       1845753                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data       336699                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       336699                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data          790                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          790                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data          788                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          788                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.data      2182452                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_hits::total        2182452                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.data      2182452                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_hits::total       2182452                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data        19453                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        19453                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data           30                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           30                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.data        19483                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_misses::total        19483                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.data        19483                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_misses::total        19483                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   2138591465                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2138591465                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data      2592952                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      2592952                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   2141184417                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   2141184417                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   2141184417                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   2141184417                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data      1865206                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1865206                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data       336729                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       336729                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data          790                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          790                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data          788                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          788                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.data      2201935                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_accesses::total      2201935                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.data      2201935                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_accesses::total      2201935                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.010429                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010429                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.000089                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000089                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.008848                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008848                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.008848                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008848                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 109936.331928                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 109936.331928                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 86431.733333                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 86431.733333                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 109900.139455                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 109900.139455                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 109900.139455                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 109900.139455                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu01.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu01.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          638                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu01.dcache.writebacks::total             638                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data        13885                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        13885                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data           24                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           24                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data        13909                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        13909                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data        13909                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        13909                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data         5568                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         5568                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data            6                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            6                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data         5574                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         5574                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data         5574                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         5574                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    572825166                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    572825166                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data       394384                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       394384                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    573219550                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    573219550                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    573219550                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    573219550                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.002985                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002985                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.000018                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000018                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.002531                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002531                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.002531                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002531                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 102878.082974                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 102878.082974                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 65730.666667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 65730.666667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 102838.096520                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 102838.096520                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 102838.096520                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 102838.096520                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu02.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu02.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu02.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu02.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu02.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu02.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu02.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu02.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu02.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu02.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu02.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu02.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu02.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu02.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu02.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu02.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu02.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu02.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu02.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu02.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu02.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu02.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu02.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu02.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu02.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu02.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu02.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu02.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu02.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu02.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu02.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu02.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu02.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu02.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu02.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu02.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu02.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu02.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu02.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu02.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu02.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu02.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu02.icache.replacements                    1                       # number of replacements
system.cpu02.icache.tagsinuse              519.498206                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu02.icache.total_refs             1005692715                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.sampled_refs                  530                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.avg_refs             1897533.424528                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu02.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.inst    29.736474                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.icache.occ_blocks::cpu02.inst   489.761732                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.inst     0.047655                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::cpu02.inst     0.784875                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::total       0.832529                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.inst      1234670                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1234670                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.inst      1234670                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_hits::total        1234670                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.inst      1234670                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_hits::total       1234670                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           49                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           49                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           49                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_misses::total           49                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           49                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_misses::total           49                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      7846548                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      7846548                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      7846548                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      7846548                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      7846548                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      7846548                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst      1234719                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1234719                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst      1234719                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_accesses::total      1234719                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst      1234719                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_accesses::total      1234719                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000040                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000040                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000040                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000040                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000040                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000040                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 160133.632653                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 160133.632653                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 160133.632653                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 160133.632653                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 160133.632653                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 160133.632653                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu02.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            9                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           40                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      6552505                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6552505                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      6552505                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      6552505                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      6552505                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      6552505                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 163812.625000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 163812.625000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 163812.625000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 163812.625000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 163812.625000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 163812.625000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu02.dcache.replacements                 7271                       # number of replacements
system.cpu02.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu02.dcache.total_refs              167225094                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.sampled_refs                 7527                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_refs             22216.699083                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.data   227.506716                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu02.data    28.493284                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.data     0.888698                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::cpu02.data     0.111302                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data       854914                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        854914                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data       706548                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       706548                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data         1920                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1920                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data         1647                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1647                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.data      1561462                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_hits::total        1561462                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.data      1561462                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_hits::total       1561462                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data        18642                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        18642                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data           92                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           92                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.data        18734                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_misses::total        18734                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.data        18734                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_misses::total        18734                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   2239754316                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2239754316                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data      7676104                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      7676104                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   2247430420                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   2247430420                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   2247430420                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   2247430420                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data       873556                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       873556                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data       706640                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       706640                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data         1920                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1920                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data         1647                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1647                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.data      1580196                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1580196                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.data      1580196                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1580196                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.021340                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021340                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.000130                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000130                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.011855                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.011855                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.011855                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.011855                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 120145.602189                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 120145.602189                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 83435.913043                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 83435.913043                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 119965.326145                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 119965.326145                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 119965.326145                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 119965.326145                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu02.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu02.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          893                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu02.dcache.writebacks::total             893                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data        11386                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        11386                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data           77                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           77                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data        11463                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        11463                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data        11463                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        11463                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data         7256                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         7256                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data           15                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           15                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data         7271                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         7271                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data         7271                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         7271                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    786188730                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    786188730                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data      1025452                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1025452                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    787214182                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    787214182                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    787214182                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    787214182                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.008306                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.008306                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.004601                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004601                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.004601                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004601                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 108350.155733                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 108350.155733                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 68363.466667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 68363.466667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 108267.663595                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 108267.663595                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 108267.663595                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 108267.663595                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu03.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu03.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu03.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu03.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu03.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu03.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu03.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu03.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu03.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu03.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu03.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu03.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu03.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu03.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu03.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu03.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu03.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu03.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu03.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu03.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu03.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu03.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu03.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu03.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu03.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu03.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu03.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu03.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu03.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu03.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu03.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu03.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu03.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu03.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu03.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu03.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu03.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu03.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu03.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu03.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu03.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu03.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu03.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu03.icache.tagsinuse              511.593693                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu03.icache.total_refs             1001230195                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.sampled_refs                  516                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.avg_refs             1940368.594961                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu03.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.inst    29.593693                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.icache.occ_blocks::cpu03.inst          482                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.inst     0.047426                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::cpu03.inst     0.772436                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::total       0.819862                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.inst      1222103                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1222103                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.inst      1222103                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_hits::total        1222103                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.inst      1222103                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_hits::total       1222103                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           43                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           43                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           43                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_misses::total           43                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           43                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_misses::total           43                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      7224699                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      7224699                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      7224699                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      7224699                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      7224699                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      7224699                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst      1222146                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1222146                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst      1222146                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_accesses::total      1222146                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst      1222146                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_accesses::total      1222146                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000035                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000035                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000035                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000035                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000035                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000035                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 168016.255814                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 168016.255814                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 168016.255814                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 168016.255814                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 168016.255814                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 168016.255814                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu03.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            9                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           34                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           34                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           34                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           34                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      5853907                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5853907                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      5853907                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      5853907                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      5853907                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      5853907                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000028                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000028                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000028                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000028                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000028                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000028                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 172173.735294                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 172173.735294                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 172173.735294                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 172173.735294                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 172173.735294                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 172173.735294                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu03.dcache.replacements                 5685                       # number of replacements
system.cpu03.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu03.dcache.total_refs              158372830                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.sampled_refs                 5941                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_refs             26657.604780                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.data   225.712503                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu03.data    30.287497                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.data     0.881689                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::cpu03.data     0.118311                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data       858360                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        858360                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data       726765                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       726765                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data         1775                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1775                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data         1670                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1670                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.data      1585125                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_hits::total        1585125                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.data      1585125                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_hits::total       1585125                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data        19250                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        19250                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data          453                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          453                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.data        19703                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_misses::total        19703                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.data        19703                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_misses::total        19703                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   2408311425                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2408311425                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data     53711730                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     53711730                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   2462023155                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   2462023155                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   2462023155                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   2462023155                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data       877610                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       877610                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data       727218                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       727218                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data         1775                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1775                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data         1670                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1670                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.data      1604828                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1604828                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.data      1604828                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1604828                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.021935                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021935                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.000623                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000623                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.012277                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012277                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.012277                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012277                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 125107.087013                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 125107.087013                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 118568.940397                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 118568.940397                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 124956.765721                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 124956.765721                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 124956.765721                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 124956.765721                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu03.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu03.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         1979                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu03.dcache.writebacks::total            1979                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data        13581                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        13581                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data          437                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          437                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data        14018                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        14018                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data        14018                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        14018                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data         5669                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         5669                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data           16                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           16                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data         5685                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         5685                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data         5685                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         5685                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    571845690                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    571845690                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data      1193372                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1193372                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    573039062                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    573039062                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    573039062                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    573039062                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.006460                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006460                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.003542                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003542                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.003542                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003542                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 100872.409596                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 100872.409596                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 74585.750000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 74585.750000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 100798.427792                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 100798.427792                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 100798.427792                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 100798.427792                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu04.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu04.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu04.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu04.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu04.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu04.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu04.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu04.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu04.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu04.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu04.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu04.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu04.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu04.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu04.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu04.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu04.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu04.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu04.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu04.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu04.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu04.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu04.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu04.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu04.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu04.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu04.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu04.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu04.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu04.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu04.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu04.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu04.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu04.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu04.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu04.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu04.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu04.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu04.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu04.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu04.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu04.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu04.icache.replacements                    2                       # number of replacements
system.cpu04.icache.tagsinuse              573.945152                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu04.icache.total_refs             1030792491                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.sampled_refs                  583                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.avg_refs             1768083.174957                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu04.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.inst    32.583234                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.icache.occ_blocks::cpu04.inst   541.361918                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.inst     0.052217                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::cpu04.inst     0.867567                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::total       0.919784                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.inst      1209710                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1209710                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.inst      1209710                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_hits::total        1209710                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.inst      1209710                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_hits::total       1209710                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           53                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           53                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           53                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_misses::total           53                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           53                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_misses::total           53                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      8166911                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      8166911                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      8166911                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      8166911                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      8166911                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      8166911                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst      1209763                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1209763                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst      1209763                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_accesses::total      1209763                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst      1209763                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_accesses::total      1209763                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000044                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000044                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000044                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000044                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000044                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000044                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 154092.660377                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 154092.660377                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 154092.660377                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 154092.660377                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 154092.660377                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 154092.660377                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu04.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst           13                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           40                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      6350159                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6350159                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      6350159                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      6350159                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      6350159                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      6350159                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000033                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000033                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000033                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000033                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000033                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000033                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 158753.975000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 158753.975000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 158753.975000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 158753.975000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 158753.975000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 158753.975000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu04.dcache.replacements                 8165                       # number of replacements
system.cpu04.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu04.dcache.total_refs              406435543                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.sampled_refs                 8421                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_refs             48264.522385                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.data   111.088708                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu04.data   144.911292                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.data     0.433940                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::cpu04.data     0.566060                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data      3160019                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       3160019                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data      1729587                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      1729587                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data          847                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          847                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data          846                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          846                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.data      4889606                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_hits::total        4889606                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.data      4889606                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_hits::total       4889606                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data        28855                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        28855                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data           30                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           30                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.data        28885                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_misses::total        28885                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.data        28885                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_misses::total        28885                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   3356091019                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   3356091019                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data      3033450                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      3033450                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   3359124469                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   3359124469                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   3359124469                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   3359124469                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data      3188874                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      3188874                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data      1729617                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      1729617                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data          847                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          847                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data          846                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          846                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.data      4918491                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_accesses::total      4918491                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.data      4918491                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_accesses::total      4918491                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.009049                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009049                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.000017                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000017                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.005873                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005873                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.005873                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005873                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 116308.820620                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 116308.820620                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data       101115                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total       101115                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 116293.040298                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 116293.040298                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 116293.040298                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 116293.040298                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu04.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu04.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         1635                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu04.dcache.writebacks::total            1635                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data        20699                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        20699                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data           21                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           21                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data        20720                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        20720                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data        20720                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        20720                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data         8156                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         8156                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data         8165                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         8165                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data         8165                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         8165                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    870680241                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    870680241                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data       898026                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       898026                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    871578267                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    871578267                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    871578267                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    871578267                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.002558                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002558                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.000005                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.001660                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001660                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.001660                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001660                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 106753.339995                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 106753.339995                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 99780.666667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 99780.666667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 106745.654256                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 106745.654256                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 106745.654256                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 106745.654256                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu05.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu05.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu05.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu05.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu05.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu05.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu05.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu05.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu05.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu05.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu05.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu05.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu05.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu05.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu05.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu05.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu05.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu05.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu05.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu05.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu05.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu05.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu05.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu05.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu05.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu05.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu05.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu05.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu05.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu05.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu05.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu05.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu05.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu05.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu05.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu05.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu05.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu05.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu05.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu05.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu05.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu05.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu05.icache.replacements                    1                       # number of replacements
system.cpu05.icache.tagsinuse              547.913713                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu05.icache.total_refs              919935361                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.sampled_refs                  553                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.avg_refs             1663535.915009                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu05.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.inst    21.582430                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.icache.occ_blocks::cpu05.inst   526.331283                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.inst     0.034587                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::cpu05.inst     0.843480                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::total       0.878067                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.inst      1238178                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1238178                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.inst      1238178                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_hits::total        1238178                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.inst      1238178                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_hits::total       1238178                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           33                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           33                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           33                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_misses::total           33                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           33                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_misses::total           33                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      5039934                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      5039934                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      5039934                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      5039934                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      5039934                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      5039934                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst      1238211                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1238211                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst      1238211                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_accesses::total      1238211                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst      1238211                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_accesses::total      1238211                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000027                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000027                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000027                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000027                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000027                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000027                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 152725.272727                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 152725.272727                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 152725.272727                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 152725.272727                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 152725.272727                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 152725.272727                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu05.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            7                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            7                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            7                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           26                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           26                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           26                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           26                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           26                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           26                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      4156180                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      4156180                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      4156180                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      4156180                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      4156180                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      4156180                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 159853.076923                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 159853.076923                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 159853.076923                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 159853.076923                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 159853.076923                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 159853.076923                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu05.dcache.replacements                 5561                       # number of replacements
system.cpu05.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu05.dcache.total_refs              205253927                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.sampled_refs                 5817                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_refs             35285.186007                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.data   191.910525                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu05.data    64.089475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.data     0.749650                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::cpu05.data     0.250350                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data      1846096                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       1846096                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data       336699                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       336699                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data          790                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          790                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data          788                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          788                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.data      2182795                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_hits::total        2182795                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.data      2182795                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_hits::total       2182795                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data        19455                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        19455                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data           30                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           30                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.data        19485                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_misses::total        19485                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.data        19485                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_misses::total        19485                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   2137179143                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2137179143                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data      2786071                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      2786071                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   2139965214                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   2139965214                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   2139965214                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   2139965214                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data      1865551                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1865551                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data       336729                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       336729                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data          790                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          790                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data          788                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          788                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.data      2202280                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_accesses::total      2202280                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.data      2202280                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_accesses::total      2202280                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.010429                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010429                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.000089                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000089                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.008848                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008848                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.008848                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008848                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 109852.436032                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 109852.436032                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 92869.033333                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 92869.033333                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 109826.287606                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 109826.287606                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 109826.287606                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 109826.287606                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu05.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu05.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          600                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu05.dcache.writebacks::total             600                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data        13900                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        13900                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data           24                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           24                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data        13924                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        13924                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data        13924                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        13924                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data         5555                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         5555                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data            6                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            6                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data         5561                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         5561                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data         5561                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         5561                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    573992241                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    573992241                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data       424303                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       424303                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    574416544                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    574416544                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    574416544                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    574416544                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.002978                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002978                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.000018                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000018                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.002525                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002525                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.002525                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002525                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 103328.936274                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 103328.936274                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 70717.166667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 70717.166667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 103293.750045                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 103293.750045                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 103293.750045                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 103293.750045                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu06.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu06.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu06.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu06.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu06.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu06.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu06.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu06.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu06.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu06.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu06.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu06.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu06.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu06.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu06.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu06.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu06.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu06.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu06.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu06.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu06.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu06.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu06.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu06.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu06.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu06.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu06.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu06.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu06.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu06.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu06.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu06.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu06.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu06.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu06.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu06.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu06.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu06.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu06.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu06.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu06.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu06.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu06.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu06.icache.tagsinuse              487.841943                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu06.icache.total_refs             1003037578                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.sampled_refs                  493                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.avg_refs             2034558.981744                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu06.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.inst    32.841943                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.icache.occ_blocks::cpu06.inst          455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.inst     0.052631                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::cpu06.inst     0.729167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::total       0.781798                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.inst      1248620                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1248620                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.inst      1248620                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_hits::total        1248620                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.inst      1248620                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_hits::total       1248620                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           50                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           50                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           50                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_misses::total           50                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           50                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_misses::total           50                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      8049563                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      8049563                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      8049563                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      8049563                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      8049563                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      8049563                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst      1248670                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1248670                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst      1248670                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_accesses::total      1248670                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst      1248670                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_accesses::total      1248670                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000040                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000040                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000040                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000040                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000040                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000040                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 160991.260000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 160991.260000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 160991.260000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 160991.260000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 160991.260000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 160991.260000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu06.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst           12                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst           12                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst           12                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      6245679                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6245679                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      6245679                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      6245679                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      6245679                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      6245679                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 164359.973684                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 164359.973684                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 164359.973684                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 164359.973684                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 164359.973684                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 164359.973684                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu06.dcache.replacements                 3788                       # number of replacements
system.cpu06.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu06.dcache.total_refs              148772273                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.sampled_refs                 4044                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_refs             36788.395895                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.data   219.906436                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu06.data    36.093564                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.data     0.859010                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::cpu06.data     0.140990                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data       993620                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        993620                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data       737991                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       737991                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data         1909                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1909                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data         1795                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1795                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.data      1731611                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_hits::total        1731611                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.data      1731611                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_hits::total       1731611                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data         9646                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         9646                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data           70                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           70                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.data         9716                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_misses::total         9716                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.data         9716                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_misses::total         9716                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   1026679929                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1026679929                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data      5739463                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      5739463                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   1032419392                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   1032419392                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   1032419392                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   1032419392                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data      1003266                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1003266                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data       738061                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       738061                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data         1909                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1909                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data         1795                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1795                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.data      1741327                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1741327                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.data      1741327                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1741327                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.009615                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009615                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.000095                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000095                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.005580                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005580                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.005580                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005580                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 106435.820962                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 106435.820962                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 81992.328571                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 81992.328571                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 106259.715109                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 106259.715109                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 106259.715109                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 106259.715109                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets        18543                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked::no_targets             1                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets        18543                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu06.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu06.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          817                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu06.dcache.writebacks::total             817                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data         5873                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         5873                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data           55                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           55                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data         5928                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         5928                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data         5928                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         5928                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data         3773                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         3773                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data           15                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           15                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data         3788                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         3788                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data         3788                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         3788                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    368768787                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    368768787                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data      1098050                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1098050                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    369866837                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    369866837                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    369866837                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    369866837                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.003761                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003761                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.000020                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000020                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.002175                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002175                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.002175                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002175                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 97738.878081                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 97738.878081                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 73203.333333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 73203.333333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 97641.720433                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 97641.720433                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 97641.720433                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 97641.720433                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu07.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu07.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu07.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu07.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu07.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu07.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu07.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu07.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu07.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu07.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu07.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu07.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu07.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu07.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu07.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu07.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu07.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu07.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu07.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu07.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu07.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu07.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu07.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu07.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu07.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu07.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu07.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu07.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu07.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu07.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu07.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu07.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu07.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu07.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu07.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu07.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu07.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu07.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu07.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu07.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu07.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu07.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu07.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu07.icache.tagsinuse              510.610966                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu07.icache.total_refs             1001228984                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.sampled_refs                  516                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.avg_refs             1940366.248062                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu07.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.inst    28.610966                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.icache.occ_blocks::cpu07.inst          482                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.inst     0.045851                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::cpu07.inst     0.772436                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::total       0.818287                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.inst      1220892                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1220892                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.inst      1220892                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_hits::total        1220892                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.inst      1220892                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_hits::total       1220892                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           42                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           42                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           42                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_misses::total           42                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           42                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_misses::total           42                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      7067713                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      7067713                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      7067713                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      7067713                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      7067713                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      7067713                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst      1220934                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1220934                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst      1220934                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_accesses::total      1220934                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst      1220934                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_accesses::total      1220934                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000034                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000034                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000034                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000034                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000034                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000034                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 168278.880952                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 168278.880952                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 168278.880952                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 168278.880952                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 168278.880952                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 168278.880952                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu07.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            8                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            8                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            8                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           34                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           34                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           34                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           34                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      5788953                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5788953                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      5788953                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      5788953                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      5788953                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      5788953                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000028                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000028                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000028                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000028                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000028                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000028                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 170263.323529                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 170263.323529                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 170263.323529                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 170263.323529                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 170263.323529                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 170263.323529                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu07.dcache.replacements                 5639                       # number of replacements
system.cpu07.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu07.dcache.total_refs              158372967                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.sampled_refs                 5895                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_refs             26865.643257                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.data   225.259398                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu07.data    30.740602                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.data     0.879920                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::cpu07.data     0.120080                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data       859739                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        859739                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data       725578                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       725578                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data         1723                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1723                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data         1667                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1667                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.data      1585317                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_hits::total        1585317                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.data      1585317                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_hits::total       1585317                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data        19355                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        19355                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data          480                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          480                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.data        19835                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_misses::total        19835                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.data        19835                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_misses::total        19835                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   2444452911                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2444452911                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data     57210796                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     57210796                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   2501663707                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   2501663707                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   2501663707                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   2501663707                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data       879094                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       879094                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data       726058                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       726058                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data         1723                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1723                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data         1667                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1667                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.data      1605152                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1605152                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.data      1605152                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1605152                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.022017                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.022017                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.000661                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000661                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.012357                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012357                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.012357                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012357                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 126295.681271                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 126295.681271                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 119189.158333                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 119189.158333                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 126123.705924                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 126123.705924                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 126123.705924                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 126123.705924                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu07.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu07.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         1914                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu07.dcache.writebacks::total            1914                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data        13734                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        13734                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data          462                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          462                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data        14196                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        14196                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data        14196                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        14196                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data         5621                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         5621                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data           18                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           18                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data         5639                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         5639                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data         5639                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         5639                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    575245527                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    575245527                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data      1478564                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1478564                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    576724091                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    576724091                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    576724091                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    576724091                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.006394                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006394                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.000025                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000025                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.003513                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003513                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.003513                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003513                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 102338.645615                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 102338.645615                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 82142.444444                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 82142.444444                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 102274.178223                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 102274.178223                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 102274.178223                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 102274.178223                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu08.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu08.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu08.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu08.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu08.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu08.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu08.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu08.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu08.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu08.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu08.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu08.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu08.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu08.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu08.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu08.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu08.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu08.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu08.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu08.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu08.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu08.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu08.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu08.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu08.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu08.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu08.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu08.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu08.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu08.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu08.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu08.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu08.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu08.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu08.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu08.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu08.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu08.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu08.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu08.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu08.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu08.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu08.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu08.icache.tagsinuse              510.356965                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu08.icache.total_refs              999935821                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.sampled_refs                  517                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.avg_refs             1934111.839458                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu08.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.inst    35.356965                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.icache.occ_blocks::cpu08.inst          475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.inst     0.056662                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::cpu08.inst     0.761218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::total       0.817880                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.inst      1239986                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1239986                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.inst      1239986                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_hits::total        1239986                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.inst      1239986                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_hits::total       1239986                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           49                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           49                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           49                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_misses::total           49                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           49                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_misses::total           49                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      8180275                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      8180275                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      8180275                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      8180275                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      8180275                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      8180275                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst      1240035                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1240035                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst      1240035                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_accesses::total      1240035                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst      1240035                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_accesses::total      1240035                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000040                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000040                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000040                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000040                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000040                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000040                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 166944.387755                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 166944.387755                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 166944.387755                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 166944.387755                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 166944.387755                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 166944.387755                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu08.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            7                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            7                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            7                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           42                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           42                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           42                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           42                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           42                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           42                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      6922630                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6922630                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      6922630                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      6922630                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      6922630                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      6922630                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000034                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000034                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000034                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000034                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000034                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000034                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 164824.523810                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 164824.523810                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 164824.523810                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 164824.523810                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 164824.523810                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 164824.523810                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu08.dcache.replacements                 4140                       # number of replacements
system.cpu08.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu08.dcache.total_refs              152469488                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.sampled_refs                 4396                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_refs             34683.686988                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.data   223.263500                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu08.data    32.736500                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.data     0.872123                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::cpu08.data     0.127877                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data       852997                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        852997                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data       717319                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       717319                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data         1818                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1818                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data         1728                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1728                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.data      1570316                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_hits::total        1570316                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.data      1570316                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_hits::total       1570316                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data        13215                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        13215                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data          105                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          105                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.data        13320                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_misses::total        13320                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.data        13320                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_misses::total        13320                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   1571969940                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1571969940                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data      8971397                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      8971397                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   1580941337                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   1580941337                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   1580941337                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   1580941337                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data       866212                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       866212                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data       717424                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       717424                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data         1818                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1818                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data         1728                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1728                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.data      1583636                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1583636                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.data      1583636                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1583636                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.015256                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.015256                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.000146                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000146                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.008411                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008411                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.008411                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008411                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 118953.457435                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 118953.457435                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 85441.876190                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 85441.876190                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 118689.289565                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 118689.289565                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 118689.289565                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 118689.289565                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu08.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu08.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          858                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu08.dcache.writebacks::total             858                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data         9093                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         9093                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data           87                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           87                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data         9180                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         9180                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data         9180                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         9180                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data         4122                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         4122                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data           18                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           18                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data         4140                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         4140                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data         4140                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         4140                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    414263659                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    414263659                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data      1197621                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1197621                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    415461280                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    415461280                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    415461280                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    415461280                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.004759                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004759                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.000025                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000025                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.002614                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002614                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.002614                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002614                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 100500.645075                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 100500.645075                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 66534.500000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 66534.500000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 100352.966184                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 100352.966184                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 100352.966184                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 100352.966184                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu09.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu09.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu09.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu09.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu09.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu09.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu09.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu09.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu09.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu09.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu09.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu09.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu09.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu09.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu09.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu09.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu09.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu09.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu09.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu09.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu09.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu09.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu09.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu09.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu09.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu09.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu09.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu09.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu09.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu09.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu09.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu09.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu09.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu09.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu09.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu09.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu09.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu09.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu09.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu09.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu09.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu09.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu09.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu09.icache.tagsinuse              511.400849                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu09.icache.total_refs             1001229351                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.sampled_refs                  516                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.avg_refs             1940366.959302                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu09.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.inst    29.400849                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.icache.occ_blocks::cpu09.inst          482                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.inst     0.047117                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::cpu09.inst     0.772436                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::total       0.819553                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.inst      1221259                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1221259                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.inst      1221259                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_hits::total        1221259                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.inst      1221259                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_hits::total       1221259                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           44                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           44                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           44                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_misses::total           44                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           44                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_misses::total           44                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      7210483                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      7210483                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      7210483                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      7210483                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      7210483                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      7210483                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst      1221303                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1221303                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst      1221303                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_accesses::total      1221303                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst      1221303                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_accesses::total      1221303                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000036                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000036                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000036                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000036                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000036                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000036                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 163874.613636                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 163874.613636                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 163874.613636                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 163874.613636                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 163874.613636                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 163874.613636                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu09.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst           10                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           34                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           34                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           34                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           34                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      5753247                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5753247                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      5753247                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      5753247                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      5753247                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      5753247                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000028                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000028                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000028                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000028                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000028                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000028                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 169213.147059                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 169213.147059                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 169213.147059                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 169213.147059                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 169213.147059                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 169213.147059                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu09.dcache.replacements                 5677                       # number of replacements
system.cpu09.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu09.dcache.total_refs              158375515                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.sampled_refs                 5933                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_refs             26694.002191                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.data   225.261118                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu09.data    30.738882                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.data     0.879926                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::cpu09.data     0.120074                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data       860702                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        860702                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data       727166                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       727166                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data         1716                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1716                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data         1671                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1671                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.data      1587868                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_hits::total        1587868                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.data      1587868                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_hits::total       1587868                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data        19494                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        19494                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data          456                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          456                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.data        19950                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_misses::total        19950                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.data        19950                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_misses::total        19950                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   2442612458                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2442612458                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data     52629497                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     52629497                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   2495241955                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   2495241955                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   2495241955                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   2495241955                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data       880196                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       880196                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data       727622                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       727622                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data         1716                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1716                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data         1671                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1671                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.data      1607818                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1607818                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.data      1607818                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1607818                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.022147                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.022147                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.000627                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000627                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.012408                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012408                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.012408                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012408                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 125300.731405                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 125300.731405                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 115415.563596                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 115415.563596                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 125074.784712                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 125074.784712                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 125074.784712                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 125074.784712                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu09.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu09.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         2006                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu09.dcache.writebacks::total            2006                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data        13834                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        13834                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data          439                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          439                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data        14273                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        14273                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data        14273                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        14273                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data         5660                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         5660                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data           17                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           17                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data         5677                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         5677                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data         5677                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         5677                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    569281426                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    569281426                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data      1311893                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1311893                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    570593319                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    570593319                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    570593319                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    570593319                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.006430                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006430                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.003531                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003531                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.003531                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003531                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 100579.757244                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 100579.757244                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 77170.176471                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 77170.176471                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 100509.656333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 100509.656333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 100509.656333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 100509.656333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu10.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu10.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu10.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu10.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu10.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu10.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu10.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu10.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu10.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu10.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu10.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu10.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu10.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu10.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu10.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu10.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu10.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu10.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu10.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu10.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu10.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu10.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu10.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu10.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu10.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu10.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu10.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu10.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu10.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu10.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu10.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu10.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu10.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu10.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu10.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu10.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu10.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu10.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu10.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu10.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu10.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu10.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu10.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu10.icache.tagsinuse              485.779145                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu10.icache.total_refs             1003037939                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.sampled_refs                  489                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.avg_refs             2051202.329243                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu10.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.inst    30.779145                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.icache.occ_blocks::cpu10.inst          455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.inst     0.049326                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::cpu10.inst     0.729167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::total       0.778492                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.inst      1248981                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1248981                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.inst      1248981                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_hits::total        1248981                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.inst      1248981                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_hits::total       1248981                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           44                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           44                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           44                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_misses::total           44                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           44                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_misses::total           44                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      7049820                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      7049820                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      7049820                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      7049820                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      7049820                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      7049820                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst      1249025                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1249025                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst      1249025                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_accesses::total      1249025                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst      1249025                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_accesses::total      1249025                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000035                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000035                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000035                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000035                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000035                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000035                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 160223.181818                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 160223.181818                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 160223.181818                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 160223.181818                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 160223.181818                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 160223.181818                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu10.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst           10                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           34                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           34                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           34                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           34                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      5600230                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5600230                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      5600230                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      5600230                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      5600230                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      5600230                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000027                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000027                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000027                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000027                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000027                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000027                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 164712.647059                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 164712.647059                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 164712.647059                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 164712.647059                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 164712.647059                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 164712.647059                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu10.dcache.replacements                 3785                       # number of replacements
system.cpu10.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu10.dcache.total_refs              148774340                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.sampled_refs                 4041                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_refs             36816.218758                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.data   219.874763                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu10.data    36.125237                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.data     0.858886                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::cpu10.data     0.141114                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data       995514                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        995514                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data       738160                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       738160                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data         1911                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1911                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data         1797                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1797                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.data      1733674                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_hits::total        1733674                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.data      1733674                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_hits::total       1733674                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data         9642                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         9642                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data           57                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           57                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.data         9699                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_misses::total         9699                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.data         9699                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_misses::total         9699                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   1019014721                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1019014721                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data      5765237                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      5765237                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   1024779958                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   1024779958                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   1024779958                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   1024779958                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data      1005156                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1005156                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data       738217                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       738217                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data         1911                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1911                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data         1797                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1797                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.data      1743373                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1743373                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.data      1743373                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1743373                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.009593                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009593                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.000077                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000077                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.005563                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005563                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.005563                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005563                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 105684.994918                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 105684.994918                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 101144.508772                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 101144.508772                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 105658.310960                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 105658.310960                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 105658.310960                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 105658.310960                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu10.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu10.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          818                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu10.dcache.writebacks::total             818                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data         5872                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         5872                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data           42                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           42                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data         5914                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         5914                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data         5914                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         5914                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data         3770                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         3770                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data           15                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           15                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data         3785                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         3785                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data         3785                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         3785                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    365763496                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    365763496                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data      1185907                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1185907                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    366949403                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    366949403                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    366949403                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    366949403                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.003751                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003751                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.000020                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000020                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.002171                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002171                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.002171                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002171                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 97019.494960                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 97019.494960                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 79060.466667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 79060.466667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 96948.323118                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 96948.323118                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 96948.323118                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 96948.323118                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu11.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu11.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu11.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu11.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu11.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu11.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu11.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu11.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu11.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu11.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu11.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu11.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu11.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu11.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu11.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu11.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu11.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu11.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu11.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu11.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu11.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu11.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu11.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu11.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu11.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu11.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu11.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu11.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu11.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu11.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu11.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu11.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu11.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu11.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu11.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu11.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu11.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu11.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu11.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu11.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu11.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu11.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu11.icache.replacements                    1                       # number of replacements
system.cpu11.icache.tagsinuse              549.212039                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu11.icache.total_refs              919935325                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.sampled_refs                  558                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.avg_refs             1648629.614695                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu11.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.inst    22.881326                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.icache.occ_blocks::cpu11.inst   526.330713                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.inst     0.036669                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::cpu11.inst     0.843479                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::total       0.880147                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.inst      1238142                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1238142                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.inst      1238142                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_hits::total        1238142                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.inst      1238142                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_hits::total       1238142                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           38                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_misses::total           38                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           38                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_misses::total           38                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      5851759                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      5851759                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      5851759                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      5851759                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      5851759                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      5851759                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst      1238180                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1238180                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst      1238180                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_accesses::total      1238180                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst      1238180                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_accesses::total      1238180                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000031                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000031                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000031                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000031                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000031                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000031                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 153993.657895                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 153993.657895                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 153993.657895                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 153993.657895                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 153993.657895                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 153993.657895                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu11.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            7                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            7                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            7                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           31                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           31                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           31                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           31                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           31                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           31                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      4961194                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      4961194                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      4961194                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      4961194                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      4961194                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      4961194                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000025                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000025                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000025                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000025                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000025                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000025                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 160038.516129                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 160038.516129                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 160038.516129                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 160038.516129                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 160038.516129                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 160038.516129                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu11.dcache.replacements                 5543                       # number of replacements
system.cpu11.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu11.dcache.total_refs              205254798                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.sampled_refs                 5799                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_refs             35394.860838                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.data   191.315178                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu11.data    64.684822                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.data     0.747325                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::cpu11.data     0.252675                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data      1846957                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       1846957                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data       336703                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       336703                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data          795                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          795                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data          789                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          789                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.data      2183660                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_hits::total        2183660                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.data      2183660                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_hits::total       2183660                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data        19380                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        19380                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data           30                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           30                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.data        19410                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_misses::total        19410                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.data        19410                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_misses::total        19410                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   2123115113                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2123115113                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data      2595537                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      2595537                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   2125710650                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   2125710650                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   2125710650                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   2125710650                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data      1866337                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1866337                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data       336733                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       336733                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data          795                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          795                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data          789                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          789                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.data      2203070                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_accesses::total      2203070                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.data      2203070                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_accesses::total      2203070                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.010384                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010384                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.000089                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000089                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.008810                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008810                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.008810                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008810                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 109551.863416                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 109551.863416                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 86517.900000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 86517.900000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 109516.262236                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 109516.262236                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 109516.262236                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 109516.262236                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu11.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu11.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          637                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu11.dcache.writebacks::total             637                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data        13843                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        13843                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data           24                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           24                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data        13867                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        13867                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data        13867                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        13867                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data         5537                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         5537                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data            6                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            6                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data         5543                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         5543                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data         5543                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         5543                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    570726247                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    570726247                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data       422277                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       422277                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    571148524                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    571148524                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    571148524                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    571148524                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.002967                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002967                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.000018                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000018                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.002516                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002516                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.002516                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002516                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 103074.994943                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 103074.994943                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 70379.500000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 70379.500000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 103039.603825                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 103039.603825                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 103039.603825                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 103039.603825                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu12.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu12.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu12.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu12.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu12.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu12.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu12.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu12.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu12.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu12.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu12.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu12.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu12.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu12.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu12.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu12.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu12.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu12.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu12.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu12.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu12.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu12.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu12.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu12.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu12.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu12.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu12.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu12.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu12.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu12.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu12.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu12.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu12.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu12.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu12.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu12.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu12.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu12.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu12.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu12.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu12.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu12.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu12.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu12.icache.tagsinuse              517.818503                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu12.icache.total_refs             1005693109                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.sampled_refs                  526                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.avg_refs             1911964.085551                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu12.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.inst    27.818503                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.icache.occ_blocks::cpu12.inst          490                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.inst     0.044581                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::cpu12.inst     0.785256                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::total       0.829837                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.inst      1235064                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1235064                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.inst      1235064                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_hits::total        1235064                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.inst      1235064                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_hits::total       1235064                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           47                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           47                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           47                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_misses::total           47                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           47                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_misses::total           47                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      7572242                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      7572242                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      7572242                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      7572242                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      7572242                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      7572242                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst      1235111                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1235111                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst      1235111                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_accesses::total      1235111                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst      1235111                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_accesses::total      1235111                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000038                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000038                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000038                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000038                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000038                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000038                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 161111.531915                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 161111.531915                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 161111.531915                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 161111.531915                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 161111.531915                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 161111.531915                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu12.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst           11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      5853322                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5853322                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      5853322                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      5853322                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      5853322                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      5853322                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 162592.277778                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 162592.277778                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 162592.277778                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 162592.277778                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 162592.277778                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 162592.277778                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu12.dcache.replacements                 7260                       # number of replacements
system.cpu12.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu12.dcache.total_refs              167226155                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.sampled_refs                 7516                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_refs             22249.355375                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.data   227.615206                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu12.data    28.384794                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.data     0.889122                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::cpu12.data     0.110878                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data       855088                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        855088                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data       707402                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       707402                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data         1951                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1951                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data         1649                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1649                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.data      1562490                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_hits::total        1562490                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.data      1562490                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_hits::total       1562490                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data        18585                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        18585                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data           78                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           78                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.data        18663                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_misses::total        18663                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.data        18663                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_misses::total        18663                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   2207805530                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2207805530                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data      6777398                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      6777398                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   2214582928                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   2214582928                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   2214582928                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   2214582928                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data       873673                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       873673                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data       707480                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       707480                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data         1951                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1951                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data         1649                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1649                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.data      1581153                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1581153                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.data      1581153                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1581153                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.021272                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021272                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.000110                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000110                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.011803                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.011803                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.011803                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.011803                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 118795.024482                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 118795.024482                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 86889.717949                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 86889.717949                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 118661.679687                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 118661.679687                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 118661.679687                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 118661.679687                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu12.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu12.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          881                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu12.dcache.writebacks::total             881                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data        11339                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        11339                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data           64                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           64                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data        11403                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        11403                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data        11403                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        11403                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data         7246                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         7246                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data           14                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data         7260                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         7260                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data         7260                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         7260                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    772414211                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    772414211                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data       965251                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       965251                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    773379462                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    773379462                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    773379462                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    773379462                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.008294                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.008294                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.000020                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000020                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.004592                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004592                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.004592                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004592                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 106598.704251                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 106598.704251                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 68946.500000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 68946.500000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 106526.096694                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 106526.096694                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 106526.096694                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 106526.096694                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu13.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu13.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu13.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu13.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu13.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu13.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu13.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu13.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu13.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu13.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu13.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu13.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu13.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu13.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu13.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu13.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu13.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu13.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu13.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu13.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu13.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu13.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu13.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu13.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu13.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu13.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu13.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu13.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu13.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu13.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu13.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu13.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu13.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu13.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu13.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu13.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu13.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu13.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu13.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu13.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu13.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu13.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu13.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu13.icache.tagsinuse              510.334842                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu13.icache.total_refs              999935625                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.sampled_refs                  517                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.avg_refs             1934111.460348                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu13.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.inst    35.334842                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.icache.occ_blocks::cpu13.inst          475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.inst     0.056626                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::cpu13.inst     0.761218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::total       0.817844                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.inst      1239790                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1239790                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.inst      1239790                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_hits::total        1239790                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.inst      1239790                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_hits::total       1239790                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           46                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           46                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           46                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_misses::total           46                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           46                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_misses::total           46                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      8376235                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      8376235                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      8376235                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      8376235                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      8376235                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      8376235                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst      1239836                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1239836                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst      1239836                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_accesses::total      1239836                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst      1239836                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_accesses::total      1239836                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000037                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000037                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000037                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000037                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000037                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000037                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 182092.065217                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 182092.065217                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 182092.065217                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 182092.065217                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 182092.065217                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 182092.065217                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu13.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            4                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            4                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            4                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            4                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            4                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            4                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           42                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           42                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           42                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           42                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           42                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           42                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      7257840                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      7257840                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      7257840                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      7257840                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      7257840                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      7257840                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000034                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000034                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000034                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000034                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000034                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000034                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 172805.714286                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 172805.714286                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 172805.714286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 172805.714286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 172805.714286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 172805.714286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu13.dcache.replacements                 4133                       # number of replacements
system.cpu13.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu13.dcache.total_refs              152468981                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.sampled_refs                 4389                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_refs             34738.888357                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.data   223.256640                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu13.data    32.743360                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.data     0.872096                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::cpu13.data     0.127904                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data       853205                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        853205                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data       716692                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       716692                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data         1733                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1733                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data         1725                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1725                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.data      1569897                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_hits::total        1569897                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.data      1569897                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_hits::total       1569897                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data        13206                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        13206                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data          105                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          105                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.data        13311                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_misses::total        13311                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.data        13311                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_misses::total        13311                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   1580998275                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1580998275                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data      8612187                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      8612187                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   1589610462                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   1589610462                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   1589610462                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   1589610462                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data       866411                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       866411                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data       716797                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       716797                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data         1733                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1733                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data         1725                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1725                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.data      1583208                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1583208                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.data      1583208                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1583208                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.015242                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.015242                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.000146                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000146                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.008408                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008408                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.008408                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008408                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 119718.179237                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 119718.179237                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 82020.828571                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 82020.828571                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 119420.814514                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 119420.814514                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 119420.814514                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 119420.814514                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu13.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu13.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          858                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu13.dcache.writebacks::total             858                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data         9091                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         9091                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data           87                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           87                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data         9178                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         9178                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data         9178                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         9178                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data         4115                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         4115                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data           18                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           18                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data         4133                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         4133                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data         4133                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         4133                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    416831784                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    416831784                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data      1184617                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1184617                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    418016401                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    418016401                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    418016401                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    418016401                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.004749                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004749                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.000025                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000025                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.002611                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002611                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.002611                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002611                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 101295.694775                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 101295.694775                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 65812.055556                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 65812.055556                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 101141.156787                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 101141.156787                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 101141.156787                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 101141.156787                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu14.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu14.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu14.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu14.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu14.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu14.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu14.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu14.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu14.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu14.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu14.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu14.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu14.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu14.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu14.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu14.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu14.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu14.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu14.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu14.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu14.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu14.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu14.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu14.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu14.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu14.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu14.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu14.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu14.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu14.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu14.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu14.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu14.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu14.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu14.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu14.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu14.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu14.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu14.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu14.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu14.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu14.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu14.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu14.icache.tagsinuse              518.094655                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu14.icache.total_refs             1005693586                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.sampled_refs                  528                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.avg_refs             1904722.700758                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu14.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.inst    28.094655                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.icache.occ_blocks::cpu14.inst          490                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.inst     0.045023                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::cpu14.inst     0.785256                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::total       0.830280                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.inst      1235541                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1235541                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.inst      1235541                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_hits::total        1235541                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.inst      1235541                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_hits::total       1235541                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           49                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           49                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           49                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_misses::total           49                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           49                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_misses::total           49                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      7721842                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      7721842                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      7721842                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      7721842                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      7721842                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      7721842                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst      1235590                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1235590                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst      1235590                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_accesses::total      1235590                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst      1235590                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_accesses::total      1235590                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000040                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000040                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000040                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000040                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000040                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000040                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 157588.612245                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 157588.612245                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 157588.612245                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 157588.612245                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 157588.612245                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 157588.612245                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu14.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst           11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      6058282                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6058282                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      6058282                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      6058282                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      6058282                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      6058282                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 159428.473684                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 159428.473684                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 159428.473684                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 159428.473684                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 159428.473684                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 159428.473684                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu14.dcache.replacements                 7248                       # number of replacements
system.cpu14.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu14.dcache.total_refs              167225520                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.sampled_refs                 7504                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_refs             22284.850746                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.data   227.519671                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu14.data    28.480329                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.data     0.888749                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::cpu14.data     0.111251                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data       854552                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        854552                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data       707354                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       707354                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data         1900                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1900                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data         1649                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1649                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.data      1561906                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_hits::total        1561906                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.data      1561906                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_hits::total       1561906                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data        18516                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        18516                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data           85                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           85                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.data        18601                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_misses::total        18601                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.data        18601                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_misses::total        18601                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   2199973165                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2199973165                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data      6920004                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      6920004                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   2206893169                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   2206893169                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   2206893169                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   2206893169                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data       873068                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       873068                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data       707439                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       707439                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data         1900                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1900                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data         1649                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1649                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.data      1580507                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1580507                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.data      1580507                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1580507                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.021208                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021208                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.000120                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000120                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.011769                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.011769                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.011769                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.011769                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 118814.709711                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 118814.709711                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 81411.811765                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 81411.811765                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 118643.791678                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 118643.791678                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 118643.791678                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 118643.791678                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu14.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu14.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          919                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu14.dcache.writebacks::total             919                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data        11283                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        11283                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data           70                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           70                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data        11353                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        11353                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data        11353                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        11353                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data         7233                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         7233                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data           15                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           15                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data         7248                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         7248                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data         7248                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         7248                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    771334392                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    771334392                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data       981595                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       981595                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    772315987                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    772315987                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    772315987                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    772315987                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.008285                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.008285                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.004586                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004586                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.004586                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004586                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 106641.005392                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 106641.005392                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 65439.666667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 65439.666667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 106555.737721                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 106555.737721                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 106555.737721                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 106555.737721                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu15.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu15.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu15.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu15.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu15.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu15.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu15.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu15.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu15.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu15.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu15.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu15.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu15.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu15.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu15.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu15.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu15.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu15.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu15.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu15.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu15.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu15.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu15.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu15.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu15.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu15.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu15.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu15.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu15.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu15.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu15.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu15.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu15.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu15.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu15.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu15.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu15.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu15.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu15.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu15.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu15.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu15.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu15.icache.replacements                    1                       # number of replacements
system.cpu15.icache.tagsinuse              548.686897                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu15.icache.total_refs              919935520                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.sampled_refs                  556                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.avg_refs             1654560.287770                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu15.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.inst    22.355672                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.icache.occ_blocks::cpu15.inst   526.331225                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.inst     0.035826                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::cpu15.inst     0.843480                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::total       0.879306                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.inst      1238337                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1238337                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.inst      1238337                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_hits::total        1238337                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.inst      1238337                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_hits::total       1238337                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           34                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_misses::total           34                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           34                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_misses::total           34                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      5335986                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      5335986                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      5335986                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      5335986                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      5335986                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      5335986                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst      1238371                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1238371                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst      1238371                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_accesses::total      1238371                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst      1238371                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_accesses::total      1238371                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000027                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000027                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000027                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000027                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000027                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000027                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 156940.764706                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 156940.764706                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 156940.764706                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 156940.764706                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 156940.764706                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 156940.764706                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu15.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            5                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            5                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            5                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           29                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           29                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           29                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           29                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           29                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           29                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      4594079                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      4594079                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      4594079                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      4594079                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      4594079                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      4594079                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 158416.517241                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 158416.517241                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 158416.517241                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 158416.517241                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 158416.517241                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 158416.517241                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu15.dcache.replacements                 5556                       # number of replacements
system.cpu15.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu15.dcache.total_refs              205252996                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.sampled_refs                 5812                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_refs             35315.381280                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.data   191.968496                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu15.data    64.031504                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.data     0.749877                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::cpu15.data     0.250123                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data      1845162                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       1845162                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data       336697                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       336697                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data          794                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          794                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data          789                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          789                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.data      2181859                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_hits::total        2181859                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.data      2181859                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_hits::total       2181859                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data        19472                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        19472                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data           30                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           30                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.data        19502                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_misses::total        19502                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.data        19502                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_misses::total        19502                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   2139166391                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2139166391                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data      3108191                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      3108191                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   2142274582                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   2142274582                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   2142274582                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   2142274582                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data      1864634                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1864634                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data       336727                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       336727                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data          794                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          794                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data          789                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          789                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.data      2201361                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_accesses::total      2201361                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.data      2201361                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_accesses::total      2201361                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.010443                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010443                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.000089                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000089                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.008859                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008859                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.008859                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008859                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 109858.586226                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 109858.586226                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 103606.366667                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 103606.366667                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 109848.968413                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 109848.968413                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 109848.968413                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 109848.968413                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu15.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu15.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          619                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu15.dcache.writebacks::total             619                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data        13922                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        13922                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data           24                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           24                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data        13946                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        13946                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data        13946                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        13946                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data         5550                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         5550                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data            6                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            6                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data         5556                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         5556                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data         5556                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         5556                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    572783270                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    572783270                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data       485549                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       485549                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    573268819                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    573268819                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    573268819                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    573268819                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.002976                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002976                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.000018                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000018                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.002524                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002524                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.002524                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002524                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 103204.192793                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 103204.192793                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 80924.833333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 80924.833333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 103180.133009                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 103180.133009                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 103180.133009                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 103180.133009                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
