
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.123161                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                123161198532                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               647988792069                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 288299                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   365555                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                                2032571                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                               67755984                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                 60593.81                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                 17469159347                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                   22150353714                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus00.inst         4736                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus00.data      4143744                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus01.inst         4736                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus01.data      2617088                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus02.inst         4224                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus02.data      2576640                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus03.inst         4352                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus03.data      2574592                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus04.inst         4992                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus04.data      4875776                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus05.inst         4864                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus05.data      2619136                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus06.inst         4992                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus06.data      4862720                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus07.inst         5248                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus07.data      1700096                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus08.inst         4864                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus08.data      4138752                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus09.inst         4864                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus09.data      4135552                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus10.inst         5120                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus10.data      4869760                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus11.inst         4736                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus11.data      1211008                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus12.inst         4352                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus12.data      2570112                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus13.inst         4480                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus13.data      1210752                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus14.inst         5120                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus14.data      4139264                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus15.inst         4864                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus15.data      2622976                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::total             50944512                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus00.inst         4736                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus01.inst         4736                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus02.inst         4224                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus03.inst         4352                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus04.inst         4992                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus05.inst         4864                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus06.inst         4992                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus07.inst         5248                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus08.inst         4864                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus09.inst         4864                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus10.inst         5120                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus11.inst         4736                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus12.inst         4352                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus13.inst         4480                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus14.inst         5120                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus15.inst         4864                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total           76544                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks     12089216                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::total          12089216                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus00.inst           37                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus00.data        32373                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus01.inst           37                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus01.data        20446                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus02.inst           33                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus02.data        20130                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus03.inst           34                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus03.data        20114                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus04.inst           39                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus04.data        38092                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus05.inst           38                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus05.data        20462                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus06.inst           39                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus06.data        37990                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus07.inst           41                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus07.data        13282                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus08.inst           38                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus08.data        32334                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus09.inst           38                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus09.data        32309                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus10.inst           40                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus10.data        38045                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus11.inst           37                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus11.data         9461                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus12.inst           34                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus12.data        20079                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus13.inst           35                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus13.data         9459                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus14.inst           40                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus14.data        32338                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus15.inst           38                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus15.data        20492                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::total                398004                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::writebacks           94447                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::functional               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::interrupt                0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::total                94447                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus00.inst        38454                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus00.data     33644882                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus01.inst        38454                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus01.data     21249290                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus02.inst        34297                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus02.data     20920875                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus03.inst        35336                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus03.data     20904246                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus04.inst        40532                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus04.data     39588572                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus05.inst        39493                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus05.data     21265918                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus06.inst        40532                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus06.data     39482565                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus07.inst        42611                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus07.data     13803828                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus08.inst        39493                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus08.data     33604350                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus09.inst        39493                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus09.data     33578368                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus10.inst        41572                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus10.data     39539726                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus11.inst        38454                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus11.data      9832707                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus12.inst        35336                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus12.data     20867871                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus13.inst        36375                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus13.data      9830629                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus14.inst        41572                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus14.data     33608507                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus15.inst        39493                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus15.data     21297097                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::total               413640924                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus00.inst        38454                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus01.inst        38454                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus02.inst        34297                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus03.inst        35336                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus04.inst        40532                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus05.inst        39493                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus06.inst        40532                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus07.inst        42611                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus08.inst        39493                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus09.inst        39493                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus10.inst        41572                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus11.inst        38454                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus12.inst        35336                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus13.inst        36375                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus14.inst        41572                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus15.inst        39493                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::total             621494                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::writebacks          98157668                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::total               98157668                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::writebacks          98157668                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus00.inst        38454                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus00.data     33644882                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus01.inst        38454                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus01.data     21249290                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus02.inst        34297                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus02.data     20920875                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus03.inst        35336                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus03.data     20904246                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus04.inst        40532                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus04.data     39588572                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus05.inst        39493                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus05.data     21265918                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus06.inst        40532                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus06.data     39482565                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus07.inst        42611                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus07.data     13803828                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus08.inst        39493                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus08.data     33604350                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus09.inst        39493                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus09.data     33578368                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus10.inst        41572                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus10.data     39539726                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus11.inst        38454                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus11.data      9832707                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus12.inst        35336                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus12.data     20867871                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus13.inst        36375                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus13.data      9830629                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus14.inst        41572                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus14.data     33608507                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus15.inst        39493                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus15.data     21297097                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::total              511798592                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus00.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus00.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.workload.num_syscalls                 52                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus00.numCycles              295350597                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus00.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus00.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.lookups       20737176                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.condPredicted     16957207                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      2027553                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      8652245                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBHits        8188096                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.usedRAS        2134896                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        90067                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.icacheStallCycles    201419308                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Insts            117647983                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Branches          20737176                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.predictedBranches     10322992                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Cycles            24659766                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.SquashCycles       5887129                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.BlockedCycles      9335490                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.CacheLines        12386000                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.IcacheSquashes      2040658                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::samples    239229226                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.600914                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.945263                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::0      214569460     89.69%     89.69% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::1        1337078      0.56%     90.25% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::2        2113263      0.88%     91.13% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::3        3364356      1.41%     92.54% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::4        1392529      0.58%     93.12% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::5        1562284      0.65%     93.78% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::6        1659090      0.69%     94.47% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::7        1085902      0.45%     94.92% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::8       12145264      5.08%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::total    239229226                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.branchRate        0.070212                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rate              0.398333                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.decode.IdleCycles      199499617                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BlockedCycles     11269788                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus00.decode.RunCycles        24583713                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus00.decode.UnblockCycles        61914                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.decode.SquashCycles      3814191                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BranchResolved      3401432                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BranchMispred          474                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus00.decode.DecodedInsts    143669383                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus00.decode.SquashedInsts         3052                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus00.rename.SquashCycles      3814191                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.rename.IdleCycles      199802590                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus00.rename.BlockCycles       2301642                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus00.rename.serializeStallCycles      8069766                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RunCycles        24348098                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus00.rename.UnblockCycles       892934                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenamedInsts    143579160                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus00.rename.ROBFullEvents        34660                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.IQFullEvents       246118                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.LSQFullEvents       331873                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.FullRegisterEvents        57425                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenamedOperands    199325957                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenameLookups    667896350                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus00.rename.int_rename_lookups    667896350                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus00.rename.CommittedMaps    170241825                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.UndoneMaps       29084098                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus00.rename.serializingInsts        37072                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.tempSerializingInsts        20604                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.skidInsts         2653094                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.insertedLoads     13688121                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.insertedStores      7360259                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.conflictingLoads       221652                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.conflictingStores      1671773                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqInstsAdded        143385697                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        37187                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqInstsIssued       135790699                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       171146                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     18035314                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     40080221                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         3981                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    239229226                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.567618                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.260771                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    181933862     76.05%     76.05% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     23021337      9.62%     85.67% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     12580748      5.26%     90.93% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      8562993      3.58%     94.51% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      8003110      3.35%     97.86% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      2302198      0.96%     98.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      1796589      0.75%     99.57% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       611189      0.26%     99.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       417200      0.17%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    239229226                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         31498     12.66%     12.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::MemRead        95104     38.22%     50.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       122258     49.13%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    113751629     83.77%     83.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      2145080      1.58%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        16461      0.01%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     12555513      9.25%     94.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      7322016      5.39%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::total    135790699                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.rate                 0.459761                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_busy_cnt            248860                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001833                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    511230627                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    161459699                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    133608105                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_alu_accesses    136039559                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       412976                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2451722                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          409                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         1533                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       217241                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         8441                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked           62                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewSquashCycles      3814191                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewBlockCycles       1417103                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewUnblockCycles       123414                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    143423043                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        34912                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     13688121                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      7360259                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        20601                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewIQFullEvents        91047                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           28                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus00.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         1533                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus00.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1186623                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus00.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1155441                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus00.iew.branchMispredicts      2342064                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecutedInsts    133855005                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     11807581                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1935691                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_nop                 159                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_refs           19127850                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_branches       18843629                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_stores          7320269                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_rate           0.453207                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_sent            133608989                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_count           133608105                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_producers        78116916                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_consumers       204043235                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_rate             0.452371                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_fanout           0.382845                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitCommittedInsts    100000000                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitCommittedOps    122574593                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitSquashedInsts     20849009                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        33206                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus00.commit.branchMispredicts      2070938                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    235415035                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.520674                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.372864                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    185660407     78.87%     78.87% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     24094583     10.23%     89.10% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      9380260      3.98%     93.08% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      5055346      2.15%     95.23% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      3782425      1.61%     96.84% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      2112684      0.90%     97.74% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1304690      0.55%     98.29% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::7      1164928      0.49%     98.79% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2859712      1.21%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    235415035                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committedInsts    100000000                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committedOps    122574593                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.refs             18379417                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.loads            11236399                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.membars             16566                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.branches         17595164                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.int_insts       110448787                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.function_calls      2490081                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.bw_lim_events      2859712                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus00.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus00.rob.rob_reads          375978249                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus00.rob.rob_writes         290661623                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus00.timesIdled               3265214                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus00.idleCycles              56121371                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus00.committedInsts         100000000                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.committedOps           122574593                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.committedInsts_total    100000000                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.cpi                     2.953506                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus00.cpi_total               2.953506                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus00.ipc                     0.338581                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus00.ipc_total               0.338581                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus00.int_regfile_reads      603630708                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus00.int_regfile_writes     185191823                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus00.misc_regfile_reads     134015806                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus00.misc_regfile_writes        33176                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus01.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus01.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.workload.num_syscalls                 54                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus01.numCycles              295350597                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus01.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus01.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.lookups       21646192                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.condPredicted     17751055                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      2120246                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      8947074                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBHits        8452974                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.usedRAS        2221241                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        94795                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.icacheStallCycles    206747509                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Insts            123075963                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Branches          21646192                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.predictedBranches     10674215                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Cycles            27058963                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.SquashCycles       6022195                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.BlockedCycles     19697908                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles            6                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.CacheLines        12738628                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.IcacheSquashes      2109194                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::samples    257368746                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.584769                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.921485                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::0      230309783     89.49%     89.49% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::1        2919764      1.13%     90.62% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::2        3380016      1.31%     91.93% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::3        1866422      0.73%     92.66% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::4        2164785      0.84%     93.50% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::5        1178723      0.46%     93.96% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::6         806944      0.31%     94.27% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::7        2110575      0.82%     95.09% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::8       12631734      4.91%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::total    257368746                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.branchRate        0.073290                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rate              0.416711                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.decode.IdleCycles      205079580                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BlockedCycles     21397513                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus01.decode.RunCycles        26844126                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus01.decode.UnblockCycles       202906                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.decode.SquashCycles      3844619                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BranchResolved      3513805                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BranchMispred        19741                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus01.decode.DecodedInsts    150261295                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus01.decode.SquashedInsts        97605                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus01.rename.SquashCycles      3844619                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.rename.IdleCycles      205389069                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus01.rename.BlockCycles       6721629                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus01.rename.serializeStallCycles     13777274                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RunCycles        26746127                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus01.rename.UnblockCycles       890026                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenamedInsts    150177411                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus01.rename.ROBFullEvents          233                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.IQFullEvents       233585                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.LSQFullEvents       410736                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.FullRegisterEvents           76                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenamedOperands    208678556                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenameLookups    699212950                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus01.rename.int_rename_lookups    699212950                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus01.rename.CommittedMaps    178179902                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.UndoneMaps       30498636                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus01.rename.serializingInsts        39272                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.tempSerializingInsts        21896                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.skidInsts         2387042                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.insertedLoads     14333652                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.insertedStores      7808728                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.conflictingLoads       205847                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.conflictingStores      1733904                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqInstsAdded        149949066                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        39344                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqInstsIssued       141712056                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       198171                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     18741367                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     43339068                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         4348                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    257368746                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.550619                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.243394                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    197670608     76.80%     76.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     24005834      9.33%     86.13% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     12885537      5.01%     91.14% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      8936885      3.47%     94.61% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      7821635      3.04%     97.65% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      4003620      1.56%     99.21% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       956673      0.37%     99.58% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       623817      0.24%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       464137      0.18%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    257368746                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         36884     12.06%     12.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::MemRead       131611     43.02%     55.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       137406     44.92%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    118626614     83.71%     83.71% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      2216837      1.56%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        17352      0.01%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     13097522      9.24%     94.53% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      7753731      5.47%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::total    141712056                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.rate                 0.479810                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_busy_cnt            305901                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002159                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    541296929                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    168731126                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    139370054                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_alu_accesses    142017957                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       357412                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2527588                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          923                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         1351                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       170223                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         8676                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked         4709                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewSquashCycles      3844619                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewBlockCycles       6211146                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewUnblockCycles       155703                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    149988536                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        18557                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     14333652                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      7808728                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        21863                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewIQFullEvents       109090                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus01.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         1351                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus01.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1228989                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus01.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1191420                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus01.iew.branchMispredicts      2420409                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecutedInsts    139631653                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     12299946                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      2080402                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_nop                 126                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_refs           20051693                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_branches       19531474                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_stores          7751747                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_rate           0.472766                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_sent            139372153                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_count           139370054                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_producers        82821258                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_consumers       216968954                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_rate             0.471880                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_fanout           0.381719                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitCommittedInsts    104631357                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitCommittedOps    128370243                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitSquashedInsts     21619671                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        34996                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus01.commit.branchMispredicts      2132537                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    253524127                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.506343                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.322776                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    201080410     79.31%     79.31% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     24322772      9.59%     88.91% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::2     10189997      4.02%     92.93% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      6124468      2.42%     95.34% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      4240590      1.67%     97.02% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      2736532      1.08%     98.10% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1421321      0.56%     98.66% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::7      1143169      0.45%     99.11% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2264868      0.89%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    253524127                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committedInsts    104631357                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committedOps    128370243                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.refs             19444566                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.loads            11806061                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.membars             17460                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.branches         18372161                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.int_insts       115730792                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.function_calls      2611726                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.bw_lim_events      2264868                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus01.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus01.rob.rob_reads          401248471                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus01.rob.rob_writes         303824540                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus01.timesIdled               3167088                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus01.idleCycles              37981851                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus01.committedInsts         104631357                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.committedOps           128370243                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.committedInsts_total    104631357                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.cpi                     2.822773                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus01.cpi_total               2.822773                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus01.ipc                     0.354262                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus01.ipc_total               0.354262                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus01.int_regfile_reads      629825909                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus01.int_regfile_writes     193419545                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus01.misc_regfile_reads     140217367                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus01.misc_regfile_writes        34964                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus02.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus02.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.workload.num_syscalls                 27                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus02.numCycles              295350597                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus02.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus02.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.lookups       20294746                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.condPredicted     18124342                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      1617349                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBLookups     13593126                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBHits       13260951                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.usedRAS        1217616                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        48936                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.icacheStallCycles    214518794                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Insts            115252460                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Branches          20294746                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.predictedBranches     14478567                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Cycles            25704322                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.SquashCycles       5301113                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.BlockedCycles      8625651                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           25                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.CacheLines        12979987                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1587530                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::samples    252523467                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.511310                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.746826                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::0      226819145     89.82%     89.82% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::1        3920592      1.55%     91.37% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::2        1978328      0.78%     92.16% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::3        3881066      1.54%     93.69% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::4        1242359      0.49%     94.19% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::5        3594605      1.42%     95.61% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::6         566377      0.22%     95.83% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::7         911356      0.36%     96.19% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::8        9609639      3.81%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::total    252523467                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.branchRate        0.068714                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rate              0.390223                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.decode.IdleCycles      212508531                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BlockedCycles     10685046                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus02.decode.RunCycles        25653734                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus02.decode.UnblockCycles        20447                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.decode.SquashCycles      3655705                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BranchResolved      1914261                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BranchMispred        18971                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus02.decode.DecodedInsts    128914168                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus02.decode.SquashedInsts        35797                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus02.rename.SquashCycles      3655705                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.rename.IdleCycles      212737258                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus02.rename.BlockCycles       6899371                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus02.rename.serializeStallCycles      3058998                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RunCycles        25426467                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus02.rename.UnblockCycles       745664                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenamedInsts    128727233                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus02.rename.ROBFullEvents          239                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.IQFullEvents        99708                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.LSQFullEvents       569680                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenamedOperands    168711543                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenameLookups    583391804                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus02.rename.int_rename_lookups    583391804                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus02.rename.CommittedMaps    136864098                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.UndoneMaps       31847318                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus02.rename.serializingInsts        17278                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.tempSerializingInsts         8746                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.skidInsts         1723653                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.insertedLoads     23230640                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.insertedStores      3767206                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.conflictingLoads        24118                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.conflictingStores       856617                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqInstsAdded        128062628                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        17338                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqInstsIssued       119943332                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        77968                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     23063706                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     47217496                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          128                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    252523467                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.474979                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.088317                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    199932354     79.17%     79.17% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     16528738      6.55%     85.72% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     17662156      6.99%     92.71% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::3     10187127      4.03%     96.75% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      5263733      2.08%     98.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      1318881      0.52%     99.35% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      1563952      0.62%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        36356      0.01%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        30170      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    252523467                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        200910     57.19%     57.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     57.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     57.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     57.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     57.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     57.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     57.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     57.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     57.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     57.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     57.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     57.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     57.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     57.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     57.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     57.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     57.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::MemRead        82708     23.54%     80.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        67665     19.26%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     94050729     78.41%     78.41% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       939951      0.78%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         8533      0.01%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     21209198     17.68%     96.89% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      3734921      3.11%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::total    119943332                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.rate                 0.406105                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_busy_cnt            351283                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002929                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    492839382                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    151143985                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    116900797                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_alu_accesses    120294615                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        94148                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      4728722                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          111                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          318                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        86347                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewSquashCycles      3655705                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewBlockCycles       6054107                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewUnblockCycles        89506                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    128080057                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        16445                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     23230640                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      3767206                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         8741                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewIQFullEvents        43082                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewLSQFullEvents         2446                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus02.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          318                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus02.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1093559                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus02.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       620452                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus02.iew.branchMispredicts      1714011                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecutedInsts    118422660                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     20904025                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1520672                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_nop                  91                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_refs           24638737                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_branches       18005028                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_stores          3734712                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_rate           0.400956                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_sent            116927823                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_count           116900797                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_producers        70745131                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_consumers       154050570                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_rate             0.395803                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_fanout           0.459233                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitCommittedInsts     93141204                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitCommittedOps    104855504                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitSquashedInsts     23229680                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        17210                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus02.commit.branchMispredicts      1607223                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    248867762                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.421330                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.288892                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    209831968     84.31%     84.31% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     15336373      6.16%     90.48% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      9851908      3.96%     94.44% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      3101358      1.25%     95.68% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      5147312      2.07%     97.75% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      1004547      0.40%     98.15% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       636544      0.26%     98.41% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       582022      0.23%     98.64% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      3375730      1.36%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    248867762                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committedInsts     93141204                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committedOps    104855504                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.refs             22182745                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.loads            18501886                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.membars              8586                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.branches         16088552                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.int_insts        91632389                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.function_calls      1310233                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.bw_lim_events      3375730                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus02.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus02.rob.rob_reads          373576865                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus02.rob.rob_writes         259829050                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus02.timesIdled               4790538                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus02.idleCycles              42827130                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus02.committedInsts          93141204                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.committedOps           104855504                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.committedInsts_total     93141204                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.cpi                     3.170998                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus02.cpi_total               3.170998                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus02.ipc                     0.315358                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus02.ipc_total               0.315358                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus02.int_regfile_reads      550470994                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus02.int_regfile_writes     152318371                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus02.misc_regfile_reads     136933896                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus02.misc_regfile_writes        17194                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus03.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus03.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.workload.num_syscalls                 27                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus03.numCycles              295350597                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus03.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus03.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.lookups       20278635                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.condPredicted     18110293                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      1618268                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBLookups     13579009                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBHits       13250521                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.usedRAS        1215688                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        48869                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.icacheStallCycles    214405988                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Insts            115156382                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Branches          20278635                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.predictedBranches     14466209                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Cycles            25684210                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.SquashCycles       5301383                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.BlockedCycles      8650880                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           25                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.CacheLines        12973897                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1588436                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::samples    252415142                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.511106                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.746499                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::0      226730932     89.82%     89.82% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::1        3918426      1.55%     91.38% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::2        1976375      0.78%     92.16% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::3        3878051      1.54%     93.70% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::4        1243197      0.49%     94.19% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::5        3590958      1.42%     95.61% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::6         565193      0.22%     95.84% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::7         909172      0.36%     96.20% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::8        9602838      3.80%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::total    252415142                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.branchRate        0.068660                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rate              0.389897                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.decode.IdleCycles      212398189                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BlockedCycles     10707941                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus03.decode.RunCycles        25633166                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus03.decode.UnblockCycles        20758                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.decode.SquashCycles      3655084                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BranchResolved      1912757                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BranchMispred        18956                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus03.decode.DecodedInsts    128806599                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus03.decode.SquashedInsts        35814                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus03.rename.SquashCycles      3655084                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.rename.IdleCycles      212626966                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus03.rename.BlockCycles       6922481                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus03.rename.serializeStallCycles      3059803                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RunCycles        25406123                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus03.rename.UnblockCycles       744681                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenamedInsts    128618176                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus03.rename.ROBFullEvents          241                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.IQFullEvents       100624                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.LSQFullEvents       567746                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenamedOperands    168562225                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenameLookups    582889251                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus03.rename.int_rename_lookups    582889251                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus03.rename.CommittedMaps    136729971                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.UndoneMaps       31832246                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus03.rename.serializingInsts        17276                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.tempSerializingInsts         8752                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.skidInsts         1720560                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.insertedLoads     23214077                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.insertedStores      3762328                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.conflictingLoads        24835                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.conflictingStores       854685                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqInstsAdded        127954049                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        17338                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqInstsIssued       119837272                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        78128                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     23056587                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     47191684                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          143                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    252415142                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.474763                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.088068                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    199865756     79.18%     79.18% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     16521521      6.55%     85.73% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     17644442      6.99%     92.72% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::3     10175864      4.03%     96.75% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      5263170      2.09%     98.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      1316216      0.52%     99.35% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      1561761      0.62%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        36347      0.01%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        30065      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    252415142                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        200799     57.21%     57.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     57.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     57.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     57.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     57.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     57.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     57.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     57.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     57.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     57.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     57.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     57.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     57.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     57.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     57.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     57.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     57.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::MemRead        82591     23.53%     80.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        67570     19.25%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     93970182     78.41%     78.41% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       938666      0.78%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         8524      0.01%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     21189533     17.68%     96.89% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      3730367      3.11%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::total    119837272                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.rate                 0.405746                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_busy_cnt            350960                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002929                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    492518774                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    151028279                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    116795852                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_alu_accesses    120188232                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        92752                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      4728134                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          117                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          311                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        85548                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewSquashCycles      3655084                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewBlockCycles       6080860                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewUnblockCycles        89580                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    127971481                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        16908                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     23214077                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      3762328                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         8748                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewIQFullEvents        43042                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewLSQFullEvents         2419                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus03.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          311                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus03.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1093685                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus03.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       621618                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus03.iew.branchMispredicts      1715303                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecutedInsts    118317163                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     20886342                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1520109                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_nop                  94                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_refs           24616480                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_branches       17988618                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_stores          3730138                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_rate           0.400599                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_sent            116822559                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_count           116795852                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_producers        70677853                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_consumers       153902828                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_rate             0.395448                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_fanout           0.459237                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitCommittedInsts     93053054                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitCommittedOps    104754206                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitSquashedInsts     23222467                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        17195                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus03.commit.branchMispredicts      1608149                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    248760058                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.421105                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.288577                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    209762487     84.32%     84.32% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     15321854      6.16%     90.48% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      9840910      3.96%     94.44% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      3097152      1.25%     95.68% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      5143993      2.07%     97.75% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      1003848      0.40%     98.15% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       636412      0.26%     98.41% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       581824      0.23%     98.64% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      3371578      1.36%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    248760058                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committedInsts     93053054                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committedOps    104754206                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.refs             22162723                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.loads            18485943                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.membars              8578                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.branches         16073080                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.int_insts        91543346                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.function_calls      1308764                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.bw_lim_events      3371578                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus03.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus03.rob.rob_reads          373364802                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus03.rob.rob_writes         259611262                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus03.timesIdled               4787911                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus03.idleCycles              42935455                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus03.committedInsts          93053054                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.committedOps           104754206                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.committedInsts_total     93053054                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.cpi                     3.174002                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus03.cpi_total               3.174002                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus03.ipc                     0.315060                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus03.ipc_total               0.315060                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus03.int_regfile_reads      549981903                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus03.int_regfile_writes     152178697                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus03.misc_regfile_reads     136817536                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus03.misc_regfile_writes        17180                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus04.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus04.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.workload.num_syscalls                 26                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus04.numCycles              295350597                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus04.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus04.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.lookups       19966050                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.condPredicted     18017184                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      1043465                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      7544326                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBHits        7143928                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.usedRAS        1102811                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        46495                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.icacheStallCycles    211823360                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Insts            125465006                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Branches          19966050                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.predictedBranches      8246739                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Cycles            24824774                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.SquashCycles       3292770                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.BlockedCycles     29488445                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.MiscStallCycles           18                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           28                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.CacheLines        12150061                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1048042                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::samples    268359726                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.548479                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.848647                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::0      243534952     90.75%     90.75% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::1         890204      0.33%     91.08% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::2        1810782      0.67%     91.76% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::3         772506      0.29%     92.04% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::4        4127296      1.54%     93.58% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::5        3680822      1.37%     94.95% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::6         708509      0.26%     95.22% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::7        1481248      0.55%     95.77% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::8       11353407      4.23%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::total    268359726                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.branchRate        0.067601                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rate              0.424800                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.decode.IdleCycles      209638134                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BlockedCycles     31686965                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus04.decode.RunCycles        24733243                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus04.decode.UnblockCycles        78786                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.decode.SquashCycles      2222595                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BranchResolved      1751793                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BranchMispred          506                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus04.decode.DecodedInsts    147119158                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus04.decode.SquashedInsts         2826                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus04.rename.SquashCycles      2222595                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.rename.IdleCycles      209912037                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus04.rename.BlockCycles      29474986                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus04.rename.serializeStallCycles      1272157                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RunCycles        24571593                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus04.rename.UnblockCycles       906355                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenamedInsts    147039886                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus04.rename.ROBFullEvents          490                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.IQFullEvents       469414                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.LSQFullEvents       298201                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.FullRegisterEvents         6873                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenamedOperands    172605174                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenameLookups    692513897                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus04.rename.int_rename_lookups    692513897                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus04.rename.CommittedMaps    153087872                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.UndoneMaps       19517290                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus04.rename.serializingInsts        17066                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.tempSerializingInsts         8620                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.skidInsts         2102237                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.insertedLoads     34699913                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.insertedStores     17545627                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.conflictingLoads       160785                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.conflictingStores       853669                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqInstsAdded        146757819                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        17116                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqInstsIssued       141036050                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        81006                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     11380942                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     27391249                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           94                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    268359726                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.525548                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.316086                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    217708183     81.13%     81.13% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     15465204      5.76%     86.89% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     12515958      4.66%     91.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      5404629      2.01%     93.57% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      6755792      2.52%     96.08% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      6407120      2.39%     98.47% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      3632950      1.35%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       290545      0.11%     99.93% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       179345      0.07%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    268359726                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        355691     11.31%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::MemRead      2711247     86.18%     97.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        79095      2.51%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     88465192     62.73%     62.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      1232150      0.87%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         8444      0.01%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     33826435     23.98%     87.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite     17503829     12.41%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::total    141036050                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.rate                 0.477521                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_busy_cnt           3146033                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.022307                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    553658862                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    158159538                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    139837383                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_alu_accesses    144182083                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       253713                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      1351515                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          535                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         3668                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       108991                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads        12430                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked          113                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewSquashCycles      2222595                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewBlockCycles      28762343                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewUnblockCycles       278101                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    146775029                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         1428                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     34699913                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispStoreInsts     17545627                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         8618                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewIQFullEvents       172151                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewLSQFullEvents          105                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus04.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         3668                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus04.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       607313                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus04.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       616747                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus04.iew.branchMispredicts      1224060                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecutedInsts    140058689                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     33717354                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       977358                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_nop                  94                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_refs           51219488                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_branches       18354766                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_stores         17502134                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_rate           0.474212                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_sent            139841047                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_count           139837383                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_producers        75547946                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_consumers       149149620                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_rate             0.473462                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_fanout           0.506525                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitCommittedInsts    113631278                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitCommittedOps    133535003                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitSquashedInsts     13255846                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        17022                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus04.commit.branchMispredicts      1066425                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    266137131                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.501753                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.320301                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    217525773     81.73%     81.73% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     17888448      6.72%     88.46% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      8332148      3.13%     91.59% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      8196669      3.08%     94.67% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      2269197      0.85%     95.52% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      9378715      3.52%     99.04% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       713211      0.27%     99.31% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       521137      0.20%     99.51% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      1311833      0.49%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    266137131                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committedInsts    113631278                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committedOps    133535003                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.refs             50785031                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.loads            33348398                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.membars              8498                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.branches         17634015                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.int_insts       118744480                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.function_calls      1293332                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.bw_lim_events      1311833                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus04.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus04.rob.rob_reads          411615809                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus04.rob.rob_writes         295804510                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus04.timesIdled               4545934                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus04.idleCycles              26990871                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus04.committedInsts         113631278                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.committedOps           133535003                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.committedInsts_total    113631278                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.cpi                     2.599202                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus04.cpi_total               2.599202                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus04.ipc                     0.384734                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus04.ipc_total               0.384734                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus04.int_regfile_reads      692419467                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus04.int_regfile_writes     162363537                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus04.misc_regfile_reads     175176520                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus04.misc_regfile_writes        16996                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus05.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus05.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.workload.num_syscalls                 54                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus05.numCycles              295350597                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus05.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus05.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.lookups       21723244                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.condPredicted     17813024                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      2124085                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      8982572                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBHits        8485836                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.usedRAS        2226740                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        95199                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.icacheStallCycles    207275925                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Insts            123486935                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Branches          21723244                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.predictedBranches     10712576                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Cycles            27157333                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.SquashCycles       6038530                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.BlockedCycles     19322034                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles            6                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.CacheLines        12770946                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.IcacheSquashes      2112583                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::samples    257632350                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.586062                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.923418                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::0      230475017     89.46%     89.46% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::1        2942575      1.14%     90.60% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::2        3395351      1.32%     91.92% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::3        1869635      0.73%     92.64% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::4        2169141      0.84%     93.49% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::5        1184279      0.46%     93.95% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::6         808176      0.31%     94.26% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::7        2106164      0.82%     95.08% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::8       12682012      4.92%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::total    257632350                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.branchRate        0.073551                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rate              0.418103                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.decode.IdleCycles      205603427                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BlockedCycles     21026314                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus05.decode.RunCycles        26942211                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus05.decode.UnblockCycles       203240                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.decode.SquashCycles      3857156                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BranchResolved      3527817                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BranchMispred        19897                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus05.decode.DecodedInsts    150747862                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus05.decode.SquashedInsts        98492                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus05.rename.SquashCycles      3857156                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.rename.IdleCycles      205921407                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus05.rename.BlockCycles       6760289                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus05.rename.serializeStallCycles     13364327                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RunCycles        26836181                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus05.rename.UnblockCycles       892988                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenamedInsts    150656468                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus05.rename.ROBFullEvents          224                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.IQFullEvents       234716                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.LSQFullEvents       411608                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.FullRegisterEvents           49                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenamedOperands    209333837                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenameLookups    701450732                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus05.rename.int_rename_lookups    701450732                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus05.rename.CommittedMaps    178710706                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.UndoneMaps       30623131                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus05.rename.serializingInsts        39279                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.tempSerializingInsts        21864                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.skidInsts         2398600                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.insertedLoads     14382861                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.insertedStores      7833597                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.conflictingLoads       206741                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.conflictingStores      1740737                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqInstsAdded        150407185                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        39373                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqInstsIssued       142110150                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       200340                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     18841507                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     43623827                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         4273                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    257632350                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.551601                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.244114                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    197755522     76.76%     76.76% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     24074819      9.34%     86.10% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     12938008      5.02%     91.13% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      8964253      3.48%     94.60% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      7836136      3.04%     97.65% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      4014272      1.56%     99.20% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       959837      0.37%     99.58% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       624394      0.24%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       465109      0.18%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    257632350                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         36681     11.99%     11.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::MemRead       131675     43.06%     55.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       137450     44.95%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    118953376     83.71%     83.71% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      2223406      1.56%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        17403      0.01%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     13137717      9.24%     94.53% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      7778248      5.47%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::total    142110150                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.rate                 0.481157                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_busy_cnt            305806                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002152                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    542358796                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    169289421                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    139761030                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_alu_accesses    142415956                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       358752                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2541731                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          885                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         1359                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       172416                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         8699                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked         4537                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewSquashCycles      3857156                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewBlockCycles       6241948                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewUnblockCycles       155116                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    150446694                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        75709                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     14382861                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      7833597                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        21842                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewIQFullEvents       108618                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus05.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         1359                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus05.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1228367                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus05.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1195861                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus05.iew.branchMispredicts      2424228                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecutedInsts    140029219                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     12340185                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      2080931                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_nop                 136                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_refs           20116610                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_branches       19593399                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_stores          7776425                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_rate           0.474112                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_sent            139762955                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_count           139761030                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_producers        83061687                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_consumers       217576535                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_rate             0.473204                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_fanout           0.381758                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitCommittedInsts    104942926                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitCommittedOps    128752356                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitSquashedInsts     21695636                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        35100                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus05.commit.branchMispredicts      2136206                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    253775194                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.507348                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.323908                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    201177106     79.27%     79.27% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     24392263      9.61%     88.89% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::2     10220834      4.03%     92.91% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      6144051      2.42%     95.33% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      4252169      1.68%     97.01% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      2745322      1.08%     98.09% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1425303      0.56%     98.65% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::7      1146000      0.45%     99.10% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2272146      0.90%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    253775194                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committedInsts    104942926                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committedOps    128752356                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.refs             19502311                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.loads            11841130                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.membars             17512                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.branches         18426807                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.int_insts       116075285                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.function_calls      2619485                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.bw_lim_events      2272146                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus05.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus05.rob.rob_reads          401950338                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus05.rob.rob_writes         304753215                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus05.timesIdled               3173578                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus05.idleCycles              37718247                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus05.committedInsts         104942926                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.committedOps           128752356                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.committedInsts_total    104942926                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.cpi                     2.814393                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus05.cpi_total               2.814393                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus05.ipc                     0.355316                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus05.ipc_total               0.355316                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus05.int_regfile_reads      631617276                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus05.int_regfile_writes     193967175                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus05.misc_regfile_reads     140678591                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus05.misc_regfile_writes        35068                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus06.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus06.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.workload.num_syscalls                 26                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus06.numCycles              295350597                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus06.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus06.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.lookups       19927878                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.condPredicted     17982941                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      1040676                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      7522658                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBHits        7133477                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.usedRAS        1097403                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        45951                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.icacheStallCycles    211355462                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Insts            125209543                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Branches          19927878                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.predictedBranches      8230880                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Cycles            24776472                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.SquashCycles       3286862                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.BlockedCycles     29806455                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.MiscStallCycles         1225                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           44                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.CacheLines        12122829                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1045116                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::samples    268159872                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.547813                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.847668                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::0      243383400     90.76%     90.76% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::1         888488      0.33%     91.09% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::2        1810583      0.68%     91.77% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::3         771704      0.29%     92.05% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::4        4116964      1.54%     93.59% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::5        3668399      1.37%     94.96% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::6         708885      0.26%     95.22% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::7        1478053      0.55%     95.77% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::8       11333396      4.23%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::total    268159872                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.branchRate        0.067472                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rate              0.423935                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.decode.IdleCycles      209144332                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BlockedCycles     32031909                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus06.decode.RunCycles        24684785                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus06.decode.UnblockCycles        79126                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.decode.SquashCycles      2219717                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BranchResolved      1748340                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BranchMispred          498                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus06.decode.DecodedInsts    146832650                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus06.decode.SquashedInsts         2818                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus06.rename.SquashCycles      2219717                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.rename.IdleCycles      209419077                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus06.rename.BlockCycles      29779567                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus06.rename.serializeStallCycles      1295263                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RunCycles        24521401                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus06.rename.UnblockCycles       924844                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenamedInsts    146752175                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus06.rename.ROBFullEvents         1439                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.IQFullEvents       485996                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.LSQFullEvents       300439                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.FullRegisterEvents         7229                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenamedOperands    172250836                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenameLookups    691139674                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus06.rename.int_rename_lookups    691139674                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus06.rename.CommittedMaps    152772120                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.UndoneMaps       19478714                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus06.rename.serializingInsts        17022                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.tempSerializingInsts         8592                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.skidInsts         2122770                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.insertedLoads     34630688                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.insertedStores     17514143                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.conflictingLoads       160689                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.conflictingStores       853526                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqInstsAdded        146468671                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        17073                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqInstsIssued       140756986                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        85129                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     11372975                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     27380832                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           87                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    268159872                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.524900                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.315238                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    217593485     81.14%     81.14% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     15448758      5.76%     86.90% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     12493129      4.66%     91.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      5399249      2.01%     93.58% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      6741668      2.51%     96.09% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      6391538      2.38%     98.47% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      3623312      1.35%     99.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       289875      0.11%     99.93% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       178858      0.07%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    268159872                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        354123     11.28%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::MemRead      2705200     86.20%     97.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        78900      2.51%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     88287005     62.72%     62.72% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      1229472      0.87%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         8428      0.01%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     33764192     23.99%     87.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite     17467889     12.41%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::total    140756986                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.rate                 0.476576                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_busy_cnt           3138223                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.022295                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    552897196                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    157862356                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    139555430                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_alu_accesses    143895209                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       253890                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      1352709                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          543                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         3644                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       114217                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads        12410                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            1                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewSquashCycles      2219717                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewBlockCycles      29049422                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewUnblockCycles       276430                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    146485835                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         1464                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     34630688                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispStoreInsts     17514143                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         8593                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewIQFullEvents       170857                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewLSQFullEvents          141                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus06.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         3644                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus06.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       606468                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus06.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       614852                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus06.iew.branchMispredicts      1221320                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecutedInsts    139781914                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     33651495                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       975072                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_nop                  91                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_refs           51117748                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_branches       18316697                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_stores         17466253                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_rate           0.473275                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_sent            139559170                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_count           139555430                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_producers        75395235                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_consumers       148848669                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_rate             0.472508                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_fanout           0.506523                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitCommittedInsts    113395010                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitCommittedOps    133257810                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitSquashedInsts     13244512                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        16986                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus06.commit.branchMispredicts      1063547                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    265940155                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.501082                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.319613                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    217425449     81.76%     81.76% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     17858067      6.72%     88.47% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      8317860      3.13%     91.60% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      8178409      3.08%     94.68% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      2261570      0.85%     95.53% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      9354419      3.52%     99.04% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       712064      0.27%     99.31% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       520499      0.20%     99.51% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      1311818      0.49%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    265940155                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committedInsts    113395010                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committedOps    133257810                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.refs             50677905                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.loads            33277979                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.membars              8480                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.branches         17597439                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.int_insts       118498151                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.function_calls      1290734                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.bw_lim_events      1311818                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus06.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus06.rob.rob_reads          411130321                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus06.rob.rob_writes         295224549                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus06.timesIdled               4533944                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus06.idleCycles              27190725                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus06.committedInsts         113395010                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.committedOps           133257810                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.committedInsts_total    113395010                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.cpi                     2.604617                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus06.cpi_total               2.604617                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus06.ipc                     0.383934                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus06.ipc_total               0.383934                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus06.int_regfile_reads      691026018                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus06.int_regfile_writes     162031821                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus06.misc_regfile_reads     174816817                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus06.misc_regfile_writes        16960                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus07.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus07.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.workload.num_syscalls                 58                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus07.numCycles              295350591                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus07.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus07.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.lookups       22832996                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.condPredicted     18682198                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      2237335                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      9603579                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBHits        9004246                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.usedRAS        2362058                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect       101956                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.icacheStallCycles    220171986                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Insts            127621249                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Branches          22832996                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.predictedBranches     11366304                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Cycles            26661270                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.SquashCycles       6080648                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.BlockedCycles     11779512                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.CacheLines        13469518                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.IcacheSquashes      2238393                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::samples    262427059                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.597295                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.932049                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::0      235765789     89.84%     89.84% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::1        1249097      0.48%     90.32% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::2        1981154      0.75%     91.07% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::3        2677305      1.02%     92.09% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::4        2754040      1.05%     93.14% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::5        2326794      0.89%     94.03% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::6        1298874      0.49%     94.52% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::7        1932322      0.74%     95.26% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::8       12441684      4.74%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::total    262427059                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.branchRate        0.077308                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rate              0.432101                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.decode.IdleCycles      217906172                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BlockedCycles     14064735                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus07.decode.RunCycles        26611722                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus07.decode.UnblockCycles        30518                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.decode.SquashCycles      3813909                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BranchResolved      3758195                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BranchMispred          383                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus07.decode.DecodedInsts    156624350                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus07.decode.SquashedInsts         1990                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus07.rename.SquashCycles      3813909                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.rename.IdleCycles      218505114                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus07.rename.BlockCycles       1965469                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus07.rename.serializeStallCycles     10715130                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RunCycles        26050353                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus07.rename.UnblockCycles      1377081                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenamedInsts    156563248                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus07.rename.ROBFullEvents          202                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.IQFullEvents       205260                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.LSQFullEvents       590525                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenamedOperands    218483667                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenameLookups    728317161                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus07.rename.int_rename_lookups    728317161                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus07.rename.CommittedMaps    189701823                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.UndoneMaps       28781844                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus07.rename.serializingInsts        39286                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.tempSerializingInsts        20637                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.skidInsts         4087800                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.insertedLoads     14669882                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.insertedStores      7944260                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.conflictingLoads        93250                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.conflictingStores      1846326                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqInstsAdded        156370693                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        39422                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqInstsIssued       148638059                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        20503                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     17069784                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     40677665                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         1815                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    262427059                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.566398                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.259286                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    199531613     76.03%     76.03% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     25858958      9.85%     85.89% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     13108184      4.99%     90.88% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      9883685      3.77%     94.65% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      7763603      2.96%     97.61% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      3133330      1.19%     98.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      1980290      0.75%     99.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::7      1030292      0.39%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       137104      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    262427059                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         27852     11.26%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::MemRead        90489     36.59%     47.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       128956     52.15%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    125015332     84.11%     84.11% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      2213078      1.49%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        18646      0.01%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     13471978      9.06%     94.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      7919025      5.33%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::total    148638059                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.rate                 0.503260                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_busy_cnt            247297                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001664                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    559970977                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    173480506                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    146397619                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_alu_accesses    148885356                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       303424                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2346180                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          140                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          608                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       104328                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewSquashCycles      3813909                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewBlockCycles       1630268                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewUnblockCycles       135528                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    156410267                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        57434                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     14669882                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      7944260                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        20639                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewIQFullEvents       114268                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus07.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          608                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus07.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1304877                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus07.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1252034                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus07.iew.branchMispredicts      2556911                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecutedInsts    146575292                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     12676163                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      2062767                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_nop                 152                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_refs           20594881                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_branches       20838029                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_stores          7918718                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_rate           0.496276                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_sent            146397836                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_count           146397619                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_producers        84036451                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_consumers       226433143                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_rate             0.495674                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_fanout           0.371131                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitCommittedInsts    110584116                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitCommittedOps    136072595                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitSquashedInsts     20337703                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        37607                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus07.commit.branchMispredicts      2265564                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    258613150                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.526163                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.373726                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    202811448     78.42%     78.42% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     27644837     10.69%     89.11% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::2     10459442      4.04%     93.16% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      4980165      1.93%     95.08% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      4190092      1.62%     96.70% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      2409303      0.93%     97.63% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      2115289      0.82%     98.45% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       950830      0.37%     98.82% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      3051744      1.18%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    258613150                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committedInsts    110584116                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committedOps    136072595                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.refs             20163634                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.loads            12323702                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.membars             18762                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.branches         19621914                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.int_insts       122599783                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.function_calls      2802054                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.bw_lim_events      3051744                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus07.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus07.rob.rob_reads          411970950                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus07.rob.rob_writes         316634561                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus07.timesIdled               3339301                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus07.idleCycles              32923532                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus07.committedInsts         110584116                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.committedOps           136072595                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.committedInsts_total    110584116                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.cpi                     2.670823                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus07.cpi_total               2.670823                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus07.ipc                     0.374416                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus07.ipc_total               0.374416                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus07.int_regfile_reads      659719281                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus07.int_regfile_writes     203938328                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus07.misc_regfile_reads     145190367                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus07.misc_regfile_writes        37574                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus08.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus08.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.workload.num_syscalls                 52                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus08.numCycles              295350009                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus08.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus08.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.lookups       20767049                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.condPredicted     16981326                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      2033170                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      8674038                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBHits        8203096                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.usedRAS        2138216                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        90185                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.icacheStallCycles    201829564                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Insts            117790574                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Branches          20767049                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.predictedBranches     10341312                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Cycles            24688669                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.SquashCycles       5896667                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.BlockedCycles      9246718                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.CacheLines        12410819                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.IcacheSquashes      2046335                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::samples    239583396                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.600802                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.945077                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::0      214894727     89.70%     89.70% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::1        1335144      0.56%     90.25% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::2        2113770      0.88%     91.13% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::3        3370264      1.41%     92.54% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::4        1393466      0.58%     93.12% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::5        1566752      0.65%     93.78% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::6        1659982      0.69%     94.47% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::7        1093249      0.46%     94.93% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::8       12156042      5.07%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::total    239583396                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.branchRate        0.070313                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rate              0.398817                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.decode.IdleCycles      199907684                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BlockedCycles     11183807                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus08.decode.RunCycles        24612208                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus08.decode.UnblockCycles        61720                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.decode.SquashCycles      3817974                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BranchResolved      3406439                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BranchMispred          472                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus08.decode.DecodedInsts    143851418                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus08.decode.SquashedInsts         3054                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus08.rename.SquashCycles      3817974                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.rename.IdleCycles      200209440                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus08.rename.BlockCycles       2289355                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus08.rename.serializeStallCycles      7986723                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RunCycles        24377319                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus08.rename.UnblockCycles       902580                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenamedInsts    143763792                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus08.rename.ROBFullEvents        37226                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.IQFullEvents       246166                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.LSQFullEvents       332922                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.FullRegisterEvents        63364                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenamedOperands    199583364                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenameLookups    668727339                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus08.rename.int_rename_lookups    668727339                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus08.rename.CommittedMaps    170528340                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.UndoneMaps       29054832                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus08.rename.serializingInsts        37212                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.tempSerializingInsts        20718                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.skidInsts         2664549                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.insertedLoads     13711881                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.insertedStores      7369850                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.conflictingLoads       222021                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.conflictingStores      1671326                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqInstsAdded        143580672                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        37320                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqInstsIssued       136009975                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       171632                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     18013557                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     39947907                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         4063                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    239583396                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.567694                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.260839                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    182192584     76.05%     76.05% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     23061888      9.63%     85.67% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     12603693      5.26%     90.93% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      8575995      3.58%     94.51% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      8012697      3.34%     97.86% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      2305804      0.96%     98.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      1799980      0.75%     99.57% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       613012      0.26%     99.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       417743      0.17%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    239583396                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         31479     12.61%     12.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::MemRead        95717     38.33%     50.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       122510     49.06%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    113941393     83.77%     83.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      2146218      1.58%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        16488      0.01%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     12574600      9.25%     94.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      7331276      5.39%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::total    136009975                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.rate                 0.460504                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_busy_cnt            249706                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001836                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    512024684                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    161633061                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    133822093                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_alu_accesses    136259681                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       411968                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2456566                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          399                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         1542                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       214857                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         8452                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked          157                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewSquashCycles      3817974                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewBlockCycles       1411018                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewUnblockCycles       123494                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    143618142                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        10044                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     13711881                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      7369850                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        20708                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewIQFullEvents        91257                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           24                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus08.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         1542                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus08.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1190127                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus08.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1156675                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus08.iew.branchMispredicts      2346802                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecutedInsts    134068978                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     11826100                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1940997                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_nop                 150                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_refs           19155627                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_branches       18874706                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_stores          7329527                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_rate           0.453933                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_sent            133823008                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_count           133822093                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_producers        78241524                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_consumers       204361445                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_rate             0.453097                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_fanout           0.382859                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitCommittedInsts    100168211                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitCommittedOps    122780817                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitSquashedInsts     20837687                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        33257                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus08.commit.branchMispredicts      2076642                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    235765422                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.520775                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.372904                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    185926110     78.86%     78.86% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     24135163     10.24%     89.10% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      9395710      3.99%     93.08% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      5062160      2.15%     95.23% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      3791929      1.61%     96.84% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      2118497      0.90%     97.74% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1305430      0.55%     98.29% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::7      1168411      0.50%     98.79% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2862012      1.21%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    235765422                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committedInsts    100168211                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committedOps    122780817                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.refs             18410286                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.loads            11255298                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.membars             16592                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.branches         17624830                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.int_insts       110634568                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.function_calls      2494280                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.bw_lim_events      2862012                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus08.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus08.rob.rob_reads          376521238                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus08.rob.rob_writes         291055399                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus08.timesIdled               3272080                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus08.idleCycles              55766613                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus08.committedInsts         100168211                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.committedOps           122780817                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.committedInsts_total    100168211                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.cpi                     2.948540                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus08.cpi_total               2.948540                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus08.ipc                     0.339151                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus08.ipc_total               0.339151                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus08.int_regfile_reads      604600036                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus08.int_regfile_writes     185491851                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus08.misc_regfile_reads     134181982                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus08.misc_regfile_writes        33226                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus09.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus09.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.workload.num_syscalls                 52                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus09.numCycles              295350597                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus09.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus09.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.lookups       20731983                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.condPredicted     16953475                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      2023369                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      8523279                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBHits        8180833                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.usedRAS        2126125                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        89734                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.icacheStallCycles    201286257                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Insts            117677991                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Branches          20731983                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.predictedBranches     10306958                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Cycles            24646898                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.SquashCycles       5885382                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.BlockedCycles      9271922                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.MiscStallCycles         1776                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.CacheLines        12375984                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.IcacheSquashes      2036998                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::samples    239024068                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.601387                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.946207                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::0      214377170     89.69%     89.69% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::1        1338965      0.56%     90.25% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::2        2103735      0.88%     91.13% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::3        3354927      1.40%     92.53% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::4        1395311      0.58%     93.12% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::5        1554066      0.65%     93.77% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::6        1662593      0.70%     94.46% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::7        1090774      0.46%     94.92% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::8       12146527      5.08%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::total    239024068                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.branchRate        0.070194                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rate              0.398435                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.decode.IdleCycles      199383032                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BlockedCycles     11191847                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus09.decode.RunCycles        24571273                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus09.decode.UnblockCycles        61171                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.decode.SquashCycles      3816742                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BranchResolved      3400340                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BranchMispred          474                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus09.decode.DecodedInsts    143659087                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus09.decode.SquashedInsts         3033                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus09.rename.SquashCycles      3816742                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.rename.IdleCycles      199683500                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus09.rename.BlockCycles       2270101                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus09.rename.serializeStallCycles      8019201                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RunCycles        24336996                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus09.rename.UnblockCycles       897523                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenamedInsts    143570960                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus09.rename.ROBFullEvents        32140                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.IQFullEvents       243981                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.LSQFullEvents       332414                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.FullRegisterEvents        62315                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenamedOperands    199316178                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenameLookups    667828415                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus09.rename.int_rename_lookups    667828415                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus09.rename.CommittedMaps    170178228                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.UndoneMaps       29137934                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus09.rename.serializingInsts        37060                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.tempSerializingInsts        20600                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.skidInsts         2660696                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.insertedLoads     13656515                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.insertedStores      7362190                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.conflictingLoads       222349                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.conflictingStores      1674889                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqInstsAdded        143386860                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        37171                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqInstsIssued       135745473                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       171158                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     18061822                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     40281360                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         3976                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    239024068                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.567915                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.261138                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    181754913     76.04%     76.04% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     23014016      9.63%     85.67% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     12558862      5.25%     90.92% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      8566772      3.58%     94.51% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      8005398      3.35%     97.86% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      2299572      0.96%     98.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      1795276      0.75%     99.57% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       611763      0.26%     99.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       417496      0.17%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    239024068                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         31553     12.66%     12.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::MemRead        95235     38.21%     50.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       122426     49.12%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    113707712     83.77%     83.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      2148614      1.58%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        16455      0.01%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     12549088      9.24%     94.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      7323604      5.40%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::total    135745473                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.rate                 0.459608                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_busy_cnt            249214                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001836                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    510935385                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    161487360                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    133590052                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_alu_accesses    135994687                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       410870                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2424343                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          400                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         1536                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       221857                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         8443                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewSquashCycles      3816742                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewBlockCycles       1409853                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewUnblockCycles       124877                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    143424183                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         8966                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     13656515                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      7362190                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        20588                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewIQFullEvents        93785                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           26                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus09.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         1536                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus09.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1186650                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus09.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1153167                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus09.iew.branchMispredicts      2339817                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecutedInsts    133837250                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     11802226                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1908222                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_nop                 152                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_refs           19124036                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_branches       18836172                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_stores          7321810                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_rate           0.453147                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_sent            133590928                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_count           133590052                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_producers        78079814                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_consumers       203898752                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_rate             0.452310                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_fanout           0.382934                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitCommittedInsts     99962638                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitCommittedOps    122528755                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitSquashedInsts     20895981                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        33195                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus09.commit.branchMispredicts      2066655                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    235207326                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.520939                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.373222                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    185474647     78.86%     78.86% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     24083694     10.24%     89.10% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      9374099      3.99%     93.08% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      5053443      2.15%     95.23% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      3781973      1.61%     96.84% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      2112143      0.90%     97.74% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1302412      0.55%     98.29% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::7      1165865      0.50%     98.78% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2859050      1.22%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    235207326                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committedInsts     99962638                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committedOps    122528755                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.refs             18372505                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.loads            11232172                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.membars             16560                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.branches         17588582                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.int_insts       110407489                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.function_calls      2489152                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.bw_lim_events      2859050                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus09.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus09.rob.rob_reads          375772336                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus09.rob.rob_writes         290666451                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus09.timesIdled               3259993                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus09.idleCycles              56326529                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus09.committedInsts          99962638                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.committedOps           122528755                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.committedInsts_total     99962638                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.cpi                     2.954610                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus09.cpi_total               2.954610                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus09.ipc                     0.338454                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus09.ipc_total               0.338454                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus09.int_regfile_reads      603541654                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus09.int_regfile_writes     185156225                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus09.misc_regfile_reads     134042644                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus09.misc_regfile_writes        33166                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus10.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus10.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.workload.num_syscalls                 26                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus10.numCycles              295350597                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus10.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus10.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.lookups       19972331                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.condPredicted     18022410                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      1043010                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      7567304                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBHits        7151499                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.usedRAS        1102067                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        46430                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.icacheStallCycles    211929534                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Insts            125506293                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Branches          19972331                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.predictedBranches      8253566                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Cycles            24833291                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.SquashCycles       3289526                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.BlockedCycles     29266239                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.MiscStallCycles         1436                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           28                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.CacheLines        12154974                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1047556                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::samples    268250783                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.548895                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.849307                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::0      243417492     90.74%     90.74% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::1         889003      0.33%     91.07% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::2        1814322      0.68%     91.75% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::3         774073      0.29%     92.04% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::4        4127821      1.54%     93.58% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::5        3676104      1.37%     94.95% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::6         711825      0.27%     95.21% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::7        1482341      0.55%     95.77% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::8       11357802      4.23%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::total    268250783                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.branchRate        0.067622                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rate              0.424940                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.decode.IdleCycles      209730565                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BlockedCycles     31479611                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus10.decode.RunCycles        24741946                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus10.decode.UnblockCycles        78903                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.decode.SquashCycles      2219755                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BranchResolved      1752743                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BranchMispred          500                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus10.decode.DecodedInsts    147172584                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus10.decode.SquashedInsts         2822                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus10.rename.SquashCycles      2219755                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.rename.IdleCycles      210005950                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus10.rename.BlockCycles      29248304                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus10.rename.serializeStallCycles      1285013                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RunCycles        24579212                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus10.rename.UnblockCycles       912546                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenamedInsts    147091618                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus10.rename.ROBFullEvents          696                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.IQFullEvents       471191                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.LSQFullEvents       299588                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.FullRegisterEvents         9907                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenamedOperands    172649115                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenameLookups    692751469                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus10.rename.int_rename_lookups    692751469                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus10.rename.CommittedMaps    153181014                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.UndoneMaps       19468083                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus10.rename.serializingInsts        17079                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.tempSerializingInsts         8627                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.skidInsts         2110534                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.insertedLoads     34712402                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.insertedStores     17560132                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.conflictingLoads       161388                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.conflictingStores       854605                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqInstsAdded        146812139                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        17130                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqInstsIssued       141121789                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        84104                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     11353936                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     27275931                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          100                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    268250783                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.526082                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.316684                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    217567493     81.11%     81.11% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     15480740      5.77%     86.88% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     12518238      4.67%     91.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      5407590      2.02%     93.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      6758813      2.52%     96.08% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      6410921      2.39%     98.47% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      3636373      1.36%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       291212      0.11%     99.93% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       179403      0.07%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    268250783                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        355478     11.29%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::MemRead      2712899     86.19%     97.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        79248      2.52%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     88515150     62.72%     62.72% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      1232547      0.87%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         8450      0.01%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     33852117     23.99%     87.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite     17513525     12.41%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::total    141121789                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.rate                 0.477811                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_busy_cnt           3147625                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.022304                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    553726090                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    158186841                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    139917991                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_alu_accesses    144269414                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       252958                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      1346694                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          545                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         3644                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       114298                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads        12441                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked          162                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewSquashCycles      2219755                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewBlockCycles      28532125                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewUnblockCycles       278335                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    146829363                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         2111                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     34712402                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispStoreInsts     17560132                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         8628                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewIQFullEvents       172342                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewLSQFullEvents          130                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus10.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         3644                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus10.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       609416                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus10.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       614931                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus10.iew.branchMispredicts      1224347                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecutedInsts    140143372                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     33738981                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       978417                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_nop                  94                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_refs           51250836                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_branches       18364057                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_stores         17511855                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_rate           0.474498                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_sent            139921609                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_count           139917991                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_producers        75582657                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_consumers       149195092                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_rate             0.473735                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_fanout           0.506603                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitCommittedInsts    113697340                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitCommittedOps    133613269                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitSquashedInsts     13232106                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        17030                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus10.commit.branchMispredicts      1066003                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    266031028                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.502247                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.320872                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    217391457     81.72%     81.72% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     17899039      6.73%     88.44% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      8337442      3.13%     91.58% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      8200592      3.08%     94.66% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      2269389      0.85%     95.51% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      9386206      3.53%     99.04% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       712263      0.27%     99.31% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       521714      0.20%     99.51% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      1312926      0.49%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    266031028                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committedInsts    113697340                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committedOps    133613269                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.refs             50811534                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.loads            33365705                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.membars              8502                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.branches         17644516                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.int_insts       118814249                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.function_calls      1294242                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.bw_lim_events      1312926                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus10.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus10.rob.rob_reads          411563139                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus10.rob.rob_writes         295910725                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus10.timesIdled               4548777                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus10.idleCycles              27099814                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus10.committedInsts         113697340                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.committedOps           133613269                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.committedInsts_total    113697340                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.cpi                     2.597691                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus10.cpi_total               2.597691                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus10.ipc                     0.384957                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus10.ipc_total               0.384957                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus10.int_regfile_reads      692829225                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus10.int_regfile_writes     162457040                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus10.misc_regfile_reads     175244111                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus10.misc_regfile_writes        17004                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus11.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus11.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.workload.num_syscalls                 62                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus11.numCycles              295350597                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus11.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus11.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.lookups       25624452                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.condPredicted     21335259                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      2327180                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      9777855                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBHits        9372084                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.usedRAS        2757676                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect       108168                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.icacheStallCycles    222975133                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Insts            140590070                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Branches          25624452                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.predictedBranches     12129760                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Cycles            29302593                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.SquashCycles       6469663                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.BlockedCycles     20216215                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.MiscStallCycles         7553                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           62                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.CacheLines        13843768                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.IcacheSquashes      2224269                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::samples    276622954                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.624501                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.987200                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::0      247320361     89.41%     89.41% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::1        1797130      0.65%     90.06% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::2        2262881      0.82%     90.87% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::3        3608548      1.30%     92.18% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::4        1516676      0.55%     92.73% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::5        1943574      0.70%     93.43% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::6        2267812      0.82%     94.25% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::7        1036514      0.37%     94.62% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::8       14869458      5.38%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::total    276622954                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.branchRate        0.086759                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rate              0.476011                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.decode.IdleCycles      221670226                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BlockedCycles     21655124                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus11.decode.RunCycles        29162956                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus11.decode.UnblockCycles        13903                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.decode.SquashCycles      4120744                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BranchResolved      3899816                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BranchMispred          654                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus11.decode.DecodedInsts    171820548                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus11.decode.SquashedInsts         3192                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus11.rename.SquashCycles      4120744                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.rename.IdleCycles      221895815                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus11.rename.BlockCycles        715811                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus11.rename.serializeStallCycles     20311351                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RunCycles        28951397                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus11.rename.UnblockCycles       627828                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenamedInsts    170757239                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus11.rename.ROBFullEvents          156                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.IQFullEvents        90441                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.LSQFullEvents       438297                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenamedOperands    238518639                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenameLookups    794076971                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus11.rename.int_rename_lookups    794076971                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus11.rename.CommittedMaps    199714754                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.UndoneMaps       38803878                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus11.rename.serializingInsts        41582                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.tempSerializingInsts        21777                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.skidInsts         2209294                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.insertedLoads     15966451                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.insertedStores      8363586                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.conflictingLoads        94427                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.conflictingStores      1896533                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqInstsAdded        166722551                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        41728                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqInstsIssued       160015696                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       159258                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     20114717                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     40843932                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         1782                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    276622954                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.578461                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.302511                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    208815645     75.49%     75.49% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     30929591     11.18%     86.67% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     12644942      4.57%     91.24% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      7085510      2.56%     93.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      9599438      3.47%     97.27% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      2955292      1.07%     98.34% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      2905487      1.05%     99.39% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::7      1563835      0.57%     99.96% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       123214      0.04%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    276622954                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntAlu       1102357     79.13%     79.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     79.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     79.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     79.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::MemRead       148073     10.63%     89.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       142646     10.24%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    134805841     84.25%     84.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      2187865      1.37%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        19805      0.01%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     14664075      9.16%     94.79% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      8338110      5.21%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::total    160015696                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.rate                 0.541782                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_busy_cnt           1393076                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.008706                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    598206680                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    186879765                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    155856476                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_alu_accesses    161408772                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       119379                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2986245                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           44                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          772                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       115512                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewSquashCycles      4120744                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewBlockCycles        544410                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewUnblockCycles        68807                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    166764286                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts       130875                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     15966451                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      8363586                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        21776                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewIQFullEvents        60198                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           72                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus11.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          772                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus11.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1380215                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus11.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1305356                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus11.iew.branchMispredicts      2685571                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecutedInsts    157233404                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     14426387                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      2782292                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_nop                   7                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_refs           22763731                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_branches       22238105                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_stores          8337344                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_rate           0.532362                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_sent            155856929                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_count           155856476                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_producers        93378122                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_consumers       250819010                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_rate             0.527700                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_fanout           0.372293                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitCommittedInsts    116189143                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitCommittedOps    143171750                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitSquashedInsts     23593211                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        39946                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus11.commit.branchMispredicts      2347071                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    272502210                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.525397                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.344122                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    211904736     77.76%     77.76% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     30708304     11.27%     89.03% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::2     11148508      4.09%     93.12% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      5560977      2.04%     95.16% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      5080822      1.86%     97.03% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      2135267      0.78%     97.81% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      2109688      0.77%     98.59% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::7      1005516      0.37%     98.95% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2848392      1.05%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    272502210                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committedInsts    116189143                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committedOps    143171750                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.refs             21228274                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.loads            12980204                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.membars             19928                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.branches         20752572                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.int_insts       128900964                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.function_calls      2956421                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.bw_lim_events      2848392                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus11.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus11.rob.rob_reads          436417973                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus11.rob.rob_writes         337650700                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus11.timesIdled               3376387                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus11.idleCycles              18727643                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus11.committedInsts         116189143                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.committedOps           143171750                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.committedInsts_total    116189143                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.cpi                     2.541981                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus11.cpi_total               2.541981                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus11.ipc                     0.393394                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus11.ipc_total               0.393394                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus11.int_regfile_reads      707496925                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus11.int_regfile_writes     217793920                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus11.misc_regfile_reads     158942498                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus11.misc_regfile_writes        39912                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus12.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus12.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.workload.num_syscalls                 27                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus12.numCycles              295350597                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus12.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus12.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.lookups       20214781                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.condPredicted     18052262                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      1610273                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBLookups     13550564                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBHits       13208615                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.usedRAS        1212707                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        48921                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.icacheStallCycles    213706144                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Insts            114797501                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Branches          20214781                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.predictedBranches     14421322                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Cycles            25602552                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.SquashCycles       5276838                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.BlockedCycles      8741272                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.MiscStallCycles            1                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           27                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.CacheLines        12929131                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1580369                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::samples    251707500                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.510957                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.746297                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::0      226104948     89.83%     89.83% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::1        3906063      1.55%     91.38% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::2        1968348      0.78%     92.16% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::3        3864846      1.54%     93.70% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::4        1238563      0.49%     94.19% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::5        3580938      1.42%     95.61% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::6         563711      0.22%     95.84% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::7         907470      0.36%     96.20% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::8        9572613      3.80%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::total    251707500                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.branchRate        0.068443                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rate              0.388682                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.decode.IdleCycles      211700510                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BlockedCycles     10796003                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus12.decode.RunCycles        25551829                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus12.decode.UnblockCycles        20543                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.decode.SquashCycles      3638611                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BranchResolved      1907244                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BranchMispred        18894                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus12.decode.DecodedInsts    128408127                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus12.decode.SquashedInsts        35660                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus12.rename.SquashCycles      3638611                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.rename.IdleCycles      211929236                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus12.rename.BlockCycles       6991793                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus12.rename.serializeStallCycles      3079341                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RunCycles        25324711                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus12.rename.UnblockCycles       743804                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenamedInsts    128219165                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus12.rename.ROBFullEvents          235                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.IQFullEvents        99578                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.LSQFullEvents       568078                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenamedOperands    168034126                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenameLookups    581086309                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus12.rename.int_rename_lookups    581086309                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus12.rename.CommittedMaps    136348757                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.UndoneMaps       31685354                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus12.rename.serializingInsts        17216                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.tempSerializingInsts         8716                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.skidInsts         1717109                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.insertedLoads     23138602                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.insertedStores      3753155                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.conflictingLoads        24467                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.conflictingStores       852816                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqInstsAdded        127558026                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        17279                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqInstsIssued       119475760                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        77761                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     22955047                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     46994893                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          133                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    251707500                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.474661                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.087953                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    199315744     79.19%     79.19% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     16470992      6.54%     85.73% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     17592501      6.99%     92.72% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::3     10148348      4.03%     96.75% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      5244540      2.08%     98.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      1311913      0.52%     99.36% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      1557239      0.62%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        36221      0.01%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        30002      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    251707500                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        199992     57.17%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::MemRead        82398     23.56%     80.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        67400     19.27%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     93684738     78.41%     78.41% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       936229      0.78%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         8501      0.01%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     21125367     17.68%     96.89% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      3720925      3.11%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::total    119475760                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.rate                 0.404522                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_busy_cnt            349790                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002928                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    491086571                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    150530671                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    116450116                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_alu_accesses    119825550                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        93531                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      4706328                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          117                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          324                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        86019                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewSquashCycles      3638611                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewBlockCycles       6147851                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewUnblockCycles        89488                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    127575403                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        15228                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     23138602                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      3753155                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         8714                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewIQFullEvents        42961                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewLSQFullEvents         2383                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus12.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          324                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus12.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1089057                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus12.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       617261                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus12.iew.branchMispredicts      1706318                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecutedInsts    117964433                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     20822505                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1511327                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_nop                  98                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_refs           24543241                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_branches       17935747                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_stores          3720736                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_rate           0.399405                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_sent            116477013                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_count           116450116                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_producers        70467920                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_consumers       153447171                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_rate             0.394278                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_fanout           0.459232                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitCommittedInsts     92790606                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitCommittedOps    104460952                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitSquashedInsts     23119558                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        17146                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus12.commit.branchMispredicts      1600187                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    248068889                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.421097                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.288607                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    209180964     84.32%     84.32% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     15278857      6.16%     90.48% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      9813961      3.96%     94.44% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      3089001      1.25%     95.68% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      5127936      2.07%     97.75% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      1000740      0.40%     98.15% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       633890      0.26%     98.41% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       579934      0.23%     98.64% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      3363606      1.36%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    248068889                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committedInsts     92790606                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committedOps    104460952                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.refs             22099402                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.loads            18432267                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.membars              8554                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.branches         16027947                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.int_insts        91287746                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.function_calls      1305347                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.bw_lim_events      3363606                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus12.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus12.rob.rob_reads          372285442                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus12.rob.rob_writes         258802469                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus12.timesIdled               4770812                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus12.idleCycles              43643097                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus12.committedInsts          92790606                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.committedOps           104460952                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.committedInsts_total     92790606                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.cpi                     3.182980                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus12.cpi_total               3.182980                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus12.ipc                     0.314171                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus12.ipc_total               0.314171                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus12.int_regfile_reads      548345374                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus12.int_regfile_writes     151725690                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus12.misc_regfile_reads     136396321                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus12.misc_regfile_writes        17130                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus13.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus13.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.workload.num_syscalls                 62                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus13.numCycles              295350597                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus13.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus13.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.lookups       25626361                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.condPredicted     21337936                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      2329727                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      9765697                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBHits        9373935                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.usedRAS        2758405                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect       108108                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.icacheStallCycles    223041335                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Insts            140594371                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Branches          25626361                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.predictedBranches     12132340                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Cycles            29305606                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.SquashCycles       6478742                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.BlockedCycles     20121583                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.MiscStallCycles         6009                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           62                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.CacheLines        13849605                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.IcacheSquashes      2227233                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::samples    276602516                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.624628                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.987374                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::0      247296910     89.41%     89.41% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::1        1796923      0.65%     90.05% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::2        2261949      0.82%     90.87% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::3        3608002      1.30%     92.18% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::4        1518332      0.55%     92.73% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::5        1944329      0.70%     93.43% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::6        2268238      0.82%     94.25% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::7        1038152      0.38%     94.62% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::8       14869681      5.38%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::total    276602516                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.branchRate        0.086766                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rate              0.476025                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.decode.IdleCycles      221735542                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BlockedCycles     21559596                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus13.decode.RunCycles        29166378                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus13.decode.UnblockCycles        13735                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.decode.SquashCycles      4127264                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BranchResolved      3899259                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BranchMispred          657                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus13.decode.DecodedInsts    171844818                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus13.decode.SquashedInsts         3203                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus13.rename.SquashCycles      4127264                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.rename.IdleCycles      221960077                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus13.rename.BlockCycles        715468                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus13.rename.serializeStallCycles     20217700                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RunCycles        28955847                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus13.rename.UnblockCycles       626152                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenamedInsts    170787451                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus13.rename.ROBFullEvents          152                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.IQFullEvents        90012                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.LSQFullEvents       436898                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenamedOperands    238548702                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenameLookups    794227844                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus13.rename.int_rename_lookups    794227844                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus13.rename.CommittedMaps    199718661                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.UndoneMaps       38830041                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus13.rename.serializingInsts        41351                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.tempSerializingInsts        21546                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.skidInsts         2199740                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.insertedLoads     15980444                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.insertedStores      8362904                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.conflictingLoads        93397                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.conflictingStores      1894276                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqInstsAdded        166750819                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        41500                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqInstsIssued       160026761                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       159010                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     20142614                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     40938454                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         1554                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    276602516                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.578544                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.302595                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    208790368     75.48%     75.48% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     30933651     11.18%     86.67% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     12644061      4.57%     91.24% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      7085165      2.56%     93.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      9600165      3.47%     97.27% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      2955692      1.07%     98.34% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      2906600      1.05%     99.39% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::7      1563739      0.57%     99.96% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       123075      0.04%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    276602516                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntAlu       1101919     79.07%     79.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     79.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     79.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     79.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::MemRead       149098     10.70%     89.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       142654     10.24%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    134817237     84.25%     84.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      2187962      1.37%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        19805      0.01%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     14664211      9.16%     94.79% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      8337546      5.21%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::total    160026761                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.rate                 0.541820                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_busy_cnt           1393671                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.008709                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    598208719                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    186935696                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    155864564                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_alu_accesses    161420432                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       118245                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2999995                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           55                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          765                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       114691                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewSquashCycles      4127264                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewBlockCycles        544396                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewUnblockCycles        68651                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    166792325                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts       130865                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     15980444                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      8362904                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        21545                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewIQFullEvents        59884                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           70                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus13.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          765                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus13.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1382099                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus13.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1306209                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus13.iew.branchMispredicts      2688308                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecutedInsts    157240526                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     14424338                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      2786235                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_nop                   6                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_refs           22761154                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_branches       22237218                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_stores          8336816                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_rate           0.532386                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_sent            155864966                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_count           155864564                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_producers        93385985                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_consumers       250869290                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_rate             0.527727                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_fanout           0.372250                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitCommittedInsts    116191379                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitCommittedOps    143174507                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitSquashedInsts     23618459                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        39946                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus13.commit.branchMispredicts      2349617                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    272475252                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.525459                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.344219                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    211876810     77.76%     77.76% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     30710266     11.27%     89.03% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::2     11149176      4.09%     93.12% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      5557302      2.04%     95.16% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      5082675      1.87%     97.03% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      2134042      0.78%     97.81% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      2110604      0.77%     98.59% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::7      1005567      0.37%     98.95% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2848810      1.05%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    272475252                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committedInsts    116191379                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committedOps    143174507                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.refs             21228662                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.loads            12980449                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.membars             19928                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.branches         20752981                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.int_insts       128903427                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.function_calls      2956474                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.bw_lim_events      2848810                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus13.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus13.rob.rob_reads          436418602                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus13.rob.rob_writes         337713215                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus13.timesIdled               3380755                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus13.idleCycles              18748081                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus13.committedInsts         116191379                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.committedOps           143174507                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.committedInsts_total    116191379                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.cpi                     2.541932                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus13.cpi_total               2.541932                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus13.ipc                     0.393402                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus13.ipc_total               0.393402                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus13.int_regfile_reads      707524197                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus13.int_regfile_writes     217803835                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus13.misc_regfile_reads     158945062                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus13.misc_regfile_writes        39912                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus14.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus14.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.workload.num_syscalls                 52                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus14.numCycles              295350597                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus14.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus14.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.lookups       20760317                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.condPredicted     16976754                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      2029541                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      8604145                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBHits        8190422                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.usedRAS        2136225                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        90244                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.icacheStallCycles    201604219                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Insts            117799849                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Branches          20760317                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.predictedBranches     10326647                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Cycles            24683405                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.SquashCycles       5900852                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.BlockedCycles      9225647                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.CacheLines        12398155                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.IcacheSquashes      2042803                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::samples    239339588                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.601378                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.946058                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::0      214656183     89.69%     89.69% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::1        1336452      0.56%     90.25% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::2        2111232      0.88%     91.13% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::3        3367235      1.41%     92.53% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::4        1394806      0.58%     93.12% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::5        1560562      0.65%     93.77% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::6        1662307      0.69%     94.46% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::7        1089408      0.46%     94.92% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::8       12161403      5.08%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::total    239339588                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.branchRate        0.070290                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rate              0.398848                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.decode.IdleCycles      199688707                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BlockedCycles     11155897                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus14.decode.RunCycles        24607137                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus14.decode.UnblockCycles        61999                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.decode.SquashCycles      3825845                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BranchResolved      3404572                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BranchMispred          474                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus14.decode.DecodedInsts    143846585                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus14.decode.SquashedInsts         3061                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus14.rename.SquashCycles      3825845                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.rename.IdleCycles      199991474                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus14.rename.BlockCycles       2224996                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus14.rename.serializeStallCycles      8021352                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RunCycles        24371895                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus14.rename.UnblockCycles       904021                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenamedInsts    143757006                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus14.rename.ROBFullEvents        38976                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.IQFullEvents       246167                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.LSQFullEvents       332547                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.FullRegisterEvents        65977                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenamedOperands    199573104                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenameLookups    668719304                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus14.rename.int_rename_lookups    668719304                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus14.rename.CommittedMaps    170377484                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.UndoneMaps       29195620                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus14.rename.serializingInsts        37106                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.tempSerializingInsts        20629                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.skidInsts         2656028                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.insertedLoads     13699495                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.insertedStores      7368361                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.conflictingLoads       222360                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.conflictingStores      1673975                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqInstsAdded        143567428                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        37211                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqInstsIssued       135927185                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       170713                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     18115098                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     40290885                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         3982                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    239339588                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.567926                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.261093                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    181993372     76.04%     76.04% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     23037922      9.63%     85.67% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     12588026      5.26%     90.92% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      8573605      3.58%     94.51% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      8015668      3.35%     97.86% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      2303906      0.96%     98.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      1797356      0.75%     99.57% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       611806      0.26%     99.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       417927      0.17%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    239339588                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         31586     12.63%     12.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::MemRead        95669     38.26%     50.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       122770     49.10%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    113867984     83.77%     83.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      2148598      1.58%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        16474      0.01%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     12564234      9.24%     94.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      7329895      5.39%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::total    135927185                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.rate                 0.460223                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_busy_cnt            250025                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001839                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    511614696                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    161721225                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    133746733                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_alu_accesses    136177210                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       413904                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2454161                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          401                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         1514                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       219680                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         8464                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked           87                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewSquashCycles      3825845                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewBlockCycles       1364496                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewUnblockCycles       121848                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    143604784                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        23491                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     13699495                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      7368361                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        20616                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewIQFullEvents        89588                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           27                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus14.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         1514                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus14.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1186463                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus14.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1158064                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus14.iew.branchMispredicts      2344527                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecutedInsts    133993251                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     11817258                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1933934                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_nop                 145                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_refs           19145403                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_branches       18860769                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_stores          7328145                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_rate           0.453675                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_sent            133747703                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_count           133746733                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_producers        78193255                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_consumers       204251537                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_rate             0.452841                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_fanout           0.382828                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitCommittedInsts    100079581                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitCommittedOps    122672211                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitSquashedInsts     20933099                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        33229                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus14.commit.branchMispredicts      2072997                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    235513743                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.520871                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.373024                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    185718514     78.86%     78.86% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     24113585     10.24%     89.10% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      9387589      3.99%     93.08% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      5059871      2.15%     95.23% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      3786191      1.61%     96.84% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      2115392      0.90%     97.74% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1306366      0.55%     98.29% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::7      1165965      0.50%     98.79% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2860270      1.21%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    235513743                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committedInsts    100079581                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committedOps    122672211                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.refs             18394015                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.loads            11245334                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.membars             16578                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.branches         17609222                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.int_insts       110536714                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.function_calls      2492070                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.bw_lim_events      2860270                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus14.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus14.rob.rob_reads          376258107                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus14.rob.rob_writes         291036665                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus14.timesIdled               3268163                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus14.idleCycles              56011009                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus14.committedInsts         100079581                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.committedOps           122672211                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.committedInsts_total    100079581                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.cpi                     2.951157                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus14.cpi_total               2.951157                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus14.ipc                     0.338850                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus14.ipc_total               0.338850                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus14.int_regfile_reads      604250645                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus14.int_regfile_writes     185381175                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus14.misc_regfile_reads     134183657                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus14.misc_regfile_writes        33198                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus15.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus15.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.workload.num_syscalls                 54                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus15.numCycles              295350597                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus15.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus15.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.lookups       21708144                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.condPredicted     17806055                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      2123139                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      8977459                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBHits        8486036                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.usedRAS        2225605                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        95078                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.icacheStallCycles    207175699                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Insts            123375626                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Branches          21708144                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.predictedBranches     10711641                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Cycles            27141923                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.SquashCycles       6026438                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.BlockedCycles     19478271                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles            6                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.CacheLines        12762990                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.IcacheSquashes      2111079                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::samples    257662175                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.585448                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.922347                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::0      230520252     89.47%     89.47% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::1        2938864      1.14%     90.61% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::2        3404695      1.32%     91.93% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::3        1870388      0.73%     92.65% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::4        2168149      0.84%     93.50% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::5        1184185      0.46%     93.96% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::6         805374      0.31%     94.27% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::7        2099564      0.81%     95.08% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::8       12670704      4.92%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::total    257662175                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.branchRate        0.073500                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rate              0.417726                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.decode.IdleCycles      205508332                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BlockedCycles     21177770                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus15.decode.RunCycles        26926746                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus15.decode.UnblockCycles       202845                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.decode.SquashCycles      3846480                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BranchResolved      3519713                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BranchMispred        19797                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus15.decode.DecodedInsts    150604990                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus15.decode.SquashedInsts        98081                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus15.rename.SquashCycles      3846480                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.rename.IdleCycles      205825606                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus15.rename.BlockCycles       6911305                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus15.rename.serializeStallCycles     13365469                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RunCycles        26821537                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus15.rename.UnblockCycles       891776                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenamedInsts    150513737                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus15.rename.ROBFullEvents          228                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.IQFullEvents       236111                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.LSQFullEvents       410450                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.FullRegisterEvents            1                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenamedOperands    209167622                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenameLookups    700789280                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus15.rename.int_rename_lookups    700789280                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus15.rename.CommittedMaps    178663656                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.UndoneMaps       30503966                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus15.rename.serializingInsts        39272                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.tempSerializingInsts        21846                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.skidInsts         2389412                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.insertedLoads     14368240                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.insertedStores      7822978                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.conflictingLoads       205812                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.conflictingStores      1736304                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqInstsAdded        150265373                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        39348                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqInstsIssued       142006157                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       196767                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     18744463                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     43404612                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         4256                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    257662175                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.551133                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.243607                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    197814762     76.77%     76.77% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     24076604      9.34%     86.12% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     12926836      5.02%     91.13% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      8959381      3.48%     94.61% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      7828942      3.04%     97.65% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      4006884      1.56%     99.20% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       959055      0.37%     99.58% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       624468      0.24%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       465243      0.18%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    257662175                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         37117     12.15%     12.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::MemRead       130692     42.79%     54.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       137594     45.05%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    118871322     83.71%     83.71% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      2221741      1.56%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        17399      0.01%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     13127360      9.24%     94.53% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      7768335      5.47%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::total    142006157                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.rate                 0.480805                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_busy_cnt            305403                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002151                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    542176659                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    169050530                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    139663222                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_alu_accesses    142311560                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       358381                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2530198                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          913                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         1349                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       163772                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         8697                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked         4189                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewSquashCycles      3846480                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewBlockCycles       6387340                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewUnblockCycles       156939                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    150304846                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        74188                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     14368240                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      7822978                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        21822                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewIQFullEvents       109485                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            1                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus15.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         1349                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus15.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1231038                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus15.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1192261                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus15.iew.branchMispredicts      2423299                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecutedInsts    139926685                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     12332452                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      2079472                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_nop                 125                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_refs           20098976                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_branches       19581133                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_stores          7766524                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_rate           0.473765                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_sent            139665320                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_count           139663222                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_producers        83019681                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_consumers       217427334                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_rate             0.472873                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_fanout           0.381827                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitCommittedInsts    104915373                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitCommittedOps    128718513                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitSquashedInsts     21587861                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        35092                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus15.commit.branchMispredicts      2135336                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    253815695                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.507134                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.323656                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    201229792     79.28%     79.28% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     24389221      9.61%     88.89% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::2     10215752      4.02%     92.92% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      6142586      2.42%     95.34% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      4252047      1.68%     97.01% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      2744686      1.08%     98.09% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1423907      0.56%     98.65% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::7      1146662      0.45%     99.11% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2271042      0.89%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    253815695                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committedInsts    104915373                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committedOps    128718513                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.refs             19497248                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.loads            11838042                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.membars             17508                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.branches         18421935                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.int_insts       116044815                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.function_calls      2618800                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.bw_lim_events      2271042                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus15.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus15.rob.rob_reads          401850325                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus15.rob.rob_writes         304459311                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus15.timesIdled               3172108                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus15.idleCycles              37688422                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus15.committedInsts         104915373                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.committedOps           128718513                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.committedInsts_total    104915373                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.cpi                     2.815132                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus15.cpi_total               2.815132                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus15.ipc                     0.355223                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus15.ipc_total               0.355223                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus15.int_regfile_reads      631180160                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus15.int_regfile_writes     193848802                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus15.misc_regfile_reads     140555255                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus15.misc_regfile_writes        35060                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.l200.replacements                        32420                       # number of replacements
system.l200.tagsinuse                     2047.587456                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l200.total_refs                         167853                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l200.sampled_refs                        34468                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l200.avg_refs                         4.869821                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l200.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l200.occ_blocks::writebacks          12.059045                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l200.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.inst     3.051040                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l200.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.data  1667.739197                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l200.occ_blocks::cpu00.data         364.738175                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l200.occ_percent::writebacks          0.005888                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l200.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.inst     0.001490                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l200.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.data     0.814326                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l200.occ_percent::cpu00.data          0.178095                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l200.occ_percent::total               0.999799                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l200.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l200.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data        40607                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l200.ReadReq_hits::total                 40608                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l200.Writeback_hits::writebacks           8471                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l200.Writeback_hits::total                8471                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l200.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data          107                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l200.ReadExReq_hits::total                 107                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l200.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l200.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.data        40714                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l200.demand_hits::total                  40715                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l200.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l200.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.data        40714                       # number of overall hits
system.l200.overall_hits::total                 40715                       # number of overall hits
system.l200.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l200.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data        32341                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l200.ReadReq_misses::total               32378                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l200.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data           32                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l200.ReadExReq_misses::total                32                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l200.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l200.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.data        32373                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l200.demand_misses::total                32410                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l200.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           37                       # number of overall misses
system.l200.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.data        32373                       # number of overall misses
system.l200.overall_misses::total               32410                       # number of overall misses
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     55711871                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data  30247895029                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   30303606900                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l200.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data     24866689                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l200.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     24866689                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l200.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     55711871                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l200.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data  30272761718                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l200.demand_miss_latency::total    30328473589                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l200.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     55711871                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l200.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data  30272761718                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l200.overall_miss_latency::total   30328473589                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data        72948                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.ReadReq_accesses::total             72986                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         8471                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.Writeback_accesses::total            8471                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data          139                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.ReadExReq_accesses::total             139                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l200.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.data        73087                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l200.demand_accesses::total              73125                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l200.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           38                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l200.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.data        73087                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l200.overall_accesses::total             73125                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.973684                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.443343                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.443619                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.230216                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l200.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.230216                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l200.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.973684                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.442938                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.demand_miss_rate::total          0.443214                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.973684                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.442938                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.overall_miss_rate::total         0.443214                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 1505726.243243                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 935280.140657                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 935932.018655                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l200.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 777084.031250                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l200.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 777084.031250                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 1505726.243243                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 935123.767275                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 935775.180160                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 1505726.243243                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 935123.767275                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 935775.180160                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l200.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l200.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l200.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l200.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l200.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l200.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l200.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l200.writebacks::writebacks               4841                       # number of writebacks
system.l200.writebacks::total                    4841                       # number of writebacks
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data        32341                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          32378                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l200.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data           32                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l200.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           32                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l200.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l200.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data        32373                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l200.demand_mshr_misses::total           32410                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l200.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l200.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data        32373                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l200.overall_mshr_misses::total          32410                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     52463271                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data  27407800088                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  27460263359                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data     22056252                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     22056252                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     52463271                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data  27429856340                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  27482319611                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     52463271                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data  27429856340                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  27482319611                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.973684                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.443343                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.443619                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.230216                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l200.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.230216                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.973684                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.442938                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.443214                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.973684                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.442938                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.443214                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 1417926.243243                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 847462.975418                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 848114.873031                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l200.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 689257.875000                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l200.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 689257.875000                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 1417926.243243                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 847306.593149                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 847958.025640                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 1417926.243243                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 847306.593149                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 847958.025640                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l201.replacements                        20498                       # number of replacements
system.l201.tagsinuse                     2047.539389                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l201.total_refs                         233234                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l201.sampled_refs                        22546                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l201.avg_refs                        10.344806                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l201.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l201.occ_blocks::writebacks          32.006527                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l201.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.inst     2.601339                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l201.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.data  1664.037668                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l201.occ_blocks::cpu01.data         348.893856                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l201.occ_percent::writebacks          0.015628                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l201.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.inst     0.001270                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l201.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.data     0.812518                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l201.occ_percent::cpu01.data          0.170358                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l201.occ_percent::total               0.999775                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l201.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l201.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data        38123                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l201.ReadReq_hits::total                 38124                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l201.Writeback_hits::writebacks          20761                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l201.Writeback_hits::total               20761                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l201.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data          163                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l201.ReadExReq_hits::total                 163                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l201.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l201.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.data        38286                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l201.demand_hits::total                  38287                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l201.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l201.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.data        38286                       # number of overall hits
system.l201.overall_hits::total                 38287                       # number of overall hits
system.l201.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l201.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data        20442                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l201.ReadReq_misses::total               20479                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l201.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data            4                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l201.ReadExReq_misses::total                 4                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l201.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l201.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.data        20446                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l201.demand_misses::total                20483                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l201.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           37                       # number of overall misses
system.l201.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.data        20446                       # number of overall misses
system.l201.overall_misses::total               20483                       # number of overall misses
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     67362597                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data  17603543454                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   17670906051                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l201.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data      3427067                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l201.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total      3427067                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l201.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     67362597                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l201.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data  17606970521                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l201.demand_miss_latency::total    17674333118                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l201.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     67362597                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l201.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data  17606970521                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l201.overall_miss_latency::total   17674333118                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data        58565                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.ReadReq_accesses::total             58603                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.Writeback_accesses::writebacks        20761                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.Writeback_accesses::total           20761                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data          167                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.ReadExReq_accesses::total             167                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l201.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.data        58732                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l201.demand_accesses::total              58770                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l201.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           38                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l201.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.data        58732                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l201.overall_accesses::total             58770                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.973684                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.349048                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.349453                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.023952                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l201.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.023952                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l201.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.973684                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.348124                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.demand_miss_rate::total          0.348528                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.973684                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.348124                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.overall_miss_rate::total         0.348528                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1820610.729730                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 861145.849428                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 862879.342302                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l201.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 856766.750000                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l201.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 856766.750000                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1820610.729730                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 861144.992713                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 862878.148611                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1820610.729730                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 861144.992713                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 862878.148611                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l201.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l201.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l201.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l201.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l201.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l201.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l201.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l201.writebacks::writebacks              11039                       # number of writebacks
system.l201.writebacks::total                   11039                       # number of writebacks
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data        20442                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          20479                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l201.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data            4                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l201.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total            4                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l201.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l201.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data        20446                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l201.demand_mshr_misses::total           20483                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l201.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l201.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data        20446                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l201.overall_mshr_misses::total          20483                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     64113212                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data  15808028183                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  15872141395                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data      3075867                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      3075867                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     64113212                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data  15811104050                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  15875217262                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     64113212                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data  15811104050                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  15875217262                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.973684                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.349048                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.349453                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.023952                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l201.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.023952                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.973684                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.348124                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.348528                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.973684                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.348124                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.348528                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1732789.513514                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 773311.230946                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 775044.748035                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l201.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 768966.750000                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l201.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 768966.750000                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1732789.513514                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 773310.381004                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 775043.561099                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1732789.513514                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 773310.381004                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 775043.561099                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l202.replacements                        20164                       # number of replacements
system.l202.tagsinuse                     2047.838979                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l202.total_refs                         161647                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l202.sampled_refs                        22212                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l202.avg_refs                         7.277463                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l202.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l202.occ_blocks::writebacks          28.692174                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l202.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.inst     2.141621                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l202.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.data  1678.653997                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l202.occ_blocks::cpu02.data         338.351187                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l202.occ_percent::writebacks          0.014010                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l202.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.inst     0.001046                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l202.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.data     0.819655                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l202.occ_percent::cpu02.data          0.165211                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l202.occ_percent::total               0.999921                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l202.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l202.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data        38011                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l202.ReadReq_hits::total                 38012                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l202.Writeback_hits::writebacks           6827                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l202.Writeback_hits::total                6827                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l202.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data           76                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l202.ReadExReq_hits::total                  76                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l202.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l202.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.data        38087                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l202.demand_hits::total                  38088                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l202.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l202.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.data        38087                       # number of overall hits
system.l202.overall_hits::total                 38088                       # number of overall hits
system.l202.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           33                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l202.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data        20131                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l202.ReadReq_misses::total               20164                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l202.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           33                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l202.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.data        20131                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l202.demand_misses::total                20164                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l202.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           33                       # number of overall misses
system.l202.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.data        20131                       # number of overall misses
system.l202.overall_misses::total               20164                       # number of overall misses
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     67456828                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data  15797145179                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   15864602007                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l202.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     67456828                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l202.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data  15797145179                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l202.demand_miss_latency::total    15864602007                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l202.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     67456828                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l202.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data  15797145179                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l202.overall_miss_latency::total   15864602007                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data        58142                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.ReadReq_accesses::total             58176                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         6827                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.Writeback_accesses::total            6827                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data           76                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.ReadExReq_accesses::total              76                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l202.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.data        58218                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l202.demand_accesses::total              58252                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l202.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           34                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l202.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.data        58218                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l202.overall_accesses::total             58252                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.970588                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.346239                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.346603                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.970588                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.345787                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.demand_miss_rate::total          0.346151                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.970588                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.345787                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.overall_miss_rate::total         0.346151                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 2044146.303030                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 784717.360240                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 786778.516515                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 2044146.303030                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 784717.360240                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 786778.516515                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 2044146.303030                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 784717.360240                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 786778.516515                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l202.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l202.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l202.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l202.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l202.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l202.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l202.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l202.writebacks::writebacks               2713                       # number of writebacks
system.l202.writebacks::total                    2713                       # number of writebacks
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           33                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data        20131                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          20164                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l202.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           33                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l202.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data        20131                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l202.demand_mshr_misses::total           20164                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l202.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           33                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l202.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data        20131                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l202.overall_mshr_misses::total          20164                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     64558580                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data  14029426205                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  14093984785                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     64558580                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data  14029426205                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  14093984785                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     64558580                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data  14029426205                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  14093984785                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.970588                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.346239                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.346603                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.970588                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.345787                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.346151                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.970588                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.345787                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.346151                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 1956320.606061                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 696906.572202                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 698967.704077                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 1956320.606061                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 696906.572202                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 698967.704077                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 1956320.606061                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 696906.572202                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 698967.704077                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l203.replacements                        20149                       # number of replacements
system.l203.tagsinuse                     2047.833186                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l203.total_refs                         161713                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l203.sampled_refs                        22197                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l203.avg_refs                         7.285354                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l203.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l203.occ_blocks::writebacks          29.557083                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l203.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.inst     2.158302                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l203.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.data  1678.449708                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l203.occ_blocks::cpu03.data         337.668092                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l203.occ_percent::writebacks          0.014432                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l203.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.inst     0.001054                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l203.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.data     0.819556                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l203.occ_percent::cpu03.data          0.164877                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l203.occ_percent::total               0.999919                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l203.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l203.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data        37993                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l203.ReadReq_hits::total                 37994                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l203.Writeback_hits::writebacks           6911                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l203.Writeback_hits::total                6911                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l203.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data           78                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l203.ReadExReq_hits::total                  78                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l203.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l203.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.data        38071                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l203.demand_hits::total                  38072                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l203.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l203.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.data        38071                       # number of overall hits
system.l203.overall_hits::total                 38072                       # number of overall hits
system.l203.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l203.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data        20114                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l203.ReadReq_misses::total               20148                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l203.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l203.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.data        20114                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l203.demand_misses::total                20148                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l203.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           34                       # number of overall misses
system.l203.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.data        20114                       # number of overall misses
system.l203.overall_misses::total               20148                       # number of overall misses
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     59081917                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data  15889301140                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   15948383057                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l203.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     59081917                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l203.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data  15889301140                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l203.demand_miss_latency::total    15948383057                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l203.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     59081917                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l203.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data  15889301140                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l203.overall_miss_latency::total   15948383057                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data        58107                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.ReadReq_accesses::total             58142                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         6911                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.Writeback_accesses::total            6911                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data           78                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.ReadExReq_accesses::total              78                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l203.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.data        58185                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l203.demand_accesses::total              58220                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l203.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           35                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l203.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.data        58185                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l203.overall_accesses::total             58220                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.346155                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.346531                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.345690                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.demand_miss_rate::total          0.346067                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.345690                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.overall_miss_rate::total         0.346067                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1737703.441176                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 789962.272049                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 791561.597032                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1737703.441176                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 789962.272049                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 791561.597032                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1737703.441176                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 789962.272049                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 791561.597032                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l203.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l203.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l203.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l203.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l203.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l203.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l203.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l203.writebacks::writebacks               2711                       # number of writebacks
system.l203.writebacks::total                    2711                       # number of writebacks
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data        20114                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          20148                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l203.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l203.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data        20114                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l203.demand_mshr_misses::total           20148                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l203.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           34                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l203.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data        20114                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l203.overall_mshr_misses::total          20148                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     56096717                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data  14122796562                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  14178893279                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     56096717                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data  14122796562                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  14178893279                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     56096717                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data  14122796562                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  14178893279                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.346155                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.346531                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.345690                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.346067                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.345690                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.346067                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1649903.441176                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 702137.643532                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 703737.010075                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1649903.441176                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 702137.643532                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 703737.010075                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1649903.441176                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 702137.643532                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 703737.010075                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l204.replacements                        38131                       # number of replacements
system.l204.tagsinuse                     2047.935552                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l204.total_refs                         207592                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l204.sampled_refs                        40179                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l204.avg_refs                         5.166679                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l204.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l204.occ_blocks::writebacks           3.769823                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l204.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.inst     1.740793                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l204.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.data  1821.104699                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l204.occ_blocks::cpu04.data         221.320237                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l204.occ_percent::writebacks          0.001841                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l204.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000850                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l204.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.data     0.889211                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l204.occ_percent::cpu04.data          0.108067                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l204.occ_percent::total               0.999969                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l204.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l204.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data        45020                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l204.ReadReq_hits::total                 45021                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l204.Writeback_hits::writebacks          14333                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l204.Writeback_hits::total               14333                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l204.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data           31                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l204.ReadExReq_hits::total                  31                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l204.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l204.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.data        45051                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l204.demand_hits::total                  45052                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l204.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l204.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.data        45051                       # number of overall hits
system.l204.overall_hits::total                 45052                       # number of overall hits
system.l204.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l204.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data        38044                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l204.ReadReq_misses::total               38083                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l204.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data           48                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l204.ReadExReq_misses::total                48                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l204.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l204.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.data        38092                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l204.demand_misses::total                38131                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l204.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           39                       # number of overall misses
system.l204.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.data        38092                       # number of overall misses
system.l204.overall_misses::total               38131                       # number of overall misses
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     78228121                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data  35908632824                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   35986860945                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l204.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data     78547003                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l204.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     78547003                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l204.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     78228121                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l204.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data  35987179827                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l204.demand_miss_latency::total    36065407948                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l204.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     78228121                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l204.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data  35987179827                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l204.overall_miss_latency::total   36065407948                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data        83064                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.ReadReq_accesses::total             83104                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.Writeback_accesses::writebacks        14333                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.Writeback_accesses::total           14333                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data           79                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.ReadExReq_accesses::total              79                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l204.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.data        83143                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l204.demand_accesses::total              83183                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l204.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           40                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l204.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.data        83143                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l204.overall_accesses::total             83183                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.975000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.458008                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.458257                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.607595                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l204.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.607595                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l204.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.975000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.458150                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.demand_miss_rate::total          0.458399                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.975000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.458150                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.overall_miss_rate::total         0.458399                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 2005849.256410                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 943871.118284                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 944958.667778                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l204.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 1636395.895833                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l204.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1636395.895833                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 2005849.256410                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 944743.773680                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 945829.061603                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 2005849.256410                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 944743.773680                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 945829.061603                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l204.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l204.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l204.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l204.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l204.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l204.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l204.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l204.writebacks::writebacks               5971                       # number of writebacks
system.l204.writebacks::total                    5971                       # number of writebacks
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data        38044                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          38083                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l204.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data           48                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l204.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           48                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l204.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l204.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data        38092                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l204.demand_mshr_misses::total           38131                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l204.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l204.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data        38092                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l204.overall_mshr_misses::total          38131                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     74803825                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data  32568142730                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  32642946555                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data     74332603                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     74332603                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     74803825                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data  32642475333                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  32717279158                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     74803825                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data  32642475333                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  32717279158                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.975000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.458008                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.458257                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.607595                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l204.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.607595                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.975000                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.458150                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.458399                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.975000                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.458150                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.458399                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 1918046.794872                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 856065.154295                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 857152.707376                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l204.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 1548595.895833                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l204.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1548595.895833                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 1918046.794872                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 856937.817206                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 858023.108704                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 1918046.794872                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 856937.817206                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 858023.108704                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l205.replacements                        20518                       # number of replacements
system.l205.tagsinuse                     2047.540478                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l205.total_refs                         233368                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l205.sampled_refs                        22566                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l205.avg_refs                        10.341576                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l205.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l205.occ_blocks::writebacks          32.082389                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l205.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.inst     2.650739                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l205.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.data  1664.663632                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l205.occ_blocks::cpu05.data         348.143718                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l205.occ_percent::writebacks          0.015665                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l205.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.inst     0.001294                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l205.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.data     0.812824                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l205.occ_percent::cpu05.data          0.169992                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l205.occ_percent::total               0.999776                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l205.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l205.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data        38192                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l205.ReadReq_hits::total                 38193                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l205.Writeback_hits::writebacks          20829                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l205.Writeback_hits::total               20829                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l205.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data          163                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l205.ReadExReq_hits::total                 163                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l205.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l205.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.data        38355                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l205.demand_hits::total                  38356                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l205.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l205.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.data        38355                       # number of overall hits
system.l205.overall_hits::total                 38356                       # number of overall hits
system.l205.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l205.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data        20458                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l205.ReadReq_misses::total               20496                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l205.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data            4                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l205.ReadExReq_misses::total                 4                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l205.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l205.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.data        20462                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l205.demand_misses::total                20500                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l205.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           38                       # number of overall misses
system.l205.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.data        20462                       # number of overall misses
system.l205.overall_misses::total               20500                       # number of overall misses
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     79774531                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data  17297572698                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   17377347229                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l205.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data      3463229                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l205.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total      3463229                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l205.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     79774531                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l205.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data  17301035927                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l205.demand_miss_latency::total    17380810458                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l205.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     79774531                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l205.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data  17301035927                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l205.overall_miss_latency::total   17380810458                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data        58650                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.ReadReq_accesses::total             58689                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.Writeback_accesses::writebacks        20829                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.Writeback_accesses::total           20829                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data          167                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.ReadExReq_accesses::total             167                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l205.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.data        58817                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l205.demand_accesses::total              58856                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l205.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           39                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l205.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.data        58817                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l205.overall_accesses::total             58856                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.974359                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.348815                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.349231                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.023952                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l205.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.023952                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l205.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.974359                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.347893                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.demand_miss_rate::total          0.348308                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.974359                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.347893                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.overall_miss_rate::total         0.348308                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 2099329.763158                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 845516.311370                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 847840.906957                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l205.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 865807.250000                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l205.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 865807.250000                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 2099329.763158                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 845520.277930                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 847844.412585                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 2099329.763158                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 845520.277930                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 847844.412585                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l205.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l205.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l205.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l205.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l205.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l205.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l205.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l205.writebacks::writebacks              11073                       # number of writebacks
system.l205.writebacks::total                   11073                       # number of writebacks
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data        20458                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          20496                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l205.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data            4                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l205.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total            4                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l205.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l205.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data        20462                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l205.demand_mshr_misses::total           20500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l205.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l205.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data        20462                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l205.overall_mshr_misses::total          20500                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     76438131                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data  15501091800                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  15577529931                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data      3112029                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      3112029                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     76438131                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data  15504203829                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  15580641960                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     76438131                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data  15504203829                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  15580641960                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.974359                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.348815                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.349231                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.023952                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l205.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.023952                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.974359                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.347893                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.348308                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.974359                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.347893                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.348308                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 2011529.763158                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 757703.187017                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 760027.806938                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l205.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 778007.250000                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l205.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 778007.250000                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 2011529.763158                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 757707.156143                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 760031.315122                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 2011529.763158                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 757707.156143                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 760031.315122                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l206.replacements                        38029                       # number of replacements
system.l206.tagsinuse                     2047.935780                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l206.total_refs                         207389                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l206.sampled_refs                        40077                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l206.avg_refs                         5.174764                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l206.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l206.occ_blocks::writebacks           3.649847                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l206.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.inst     1.822383                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l206.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.data  1820.144109                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l206.occ_blocks::cpu06.data         222.319441                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l206.occ_percent::writebacks          0.001782                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l206.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000890                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l206.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.data     0.888742                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l206.occ_percent::cpu06.data          0.108554                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l206.occ_percent::total               0.999969                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l206.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l206.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data        44906                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l206.ReadReq_hits::total                 44907                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l206.Writeback_hits::writebacks          14243                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l206.Writeback_hits::total               14243                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l206.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data           31                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l206.ReadExReq_hits::total                  31                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l206.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l206.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.data        44937                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l206.demand_hits::total                  44938                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l206.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l206.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.data        44937                       # number of overall hits
system.l206.overall_hits::total                 44938                       # number of overall hits
system.l206.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l206.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data        37943                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l206.ReadReq_misses::total               37982                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l206.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data           47                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l206.ReadExReq_misses::total                47                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l206.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l206.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.data        37990                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l206.demand_misses::total                38029                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l206.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           39                       # number of overall misses
system.l206.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.data        37990                       # number of overall misses
system.l206.overall_misses::total               38029                       # number of overall misses
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     76787509                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data  36317854911                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   36394642420                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l206.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data     69618560                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l206.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     69618560                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l206.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     76787509                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l206.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data  36387473471                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l206.demand_miss_latency::total    36464260980                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l206.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     76787509                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l206.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data  36387473471                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l206.overall_miss_latency::total   36464260980                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data        82849                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.ReadReq_accesses::total             82889                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.Writeback_accesses::writebacks        14243                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.Writeback_accesses::total           14243                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data           78                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.ReadExReq_accesses::total              78                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l206.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.data        82927                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l206.demand_accesses::total              82967                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l206.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           40                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l206.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.data        82927                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l206.overall_accesses::total             82967                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.975000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.457978                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.458227                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.602564                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l206.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.602564                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l206.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.975000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.458114                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.demand_miss_rate::total          0.458363                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.975000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.458114                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.overall_miss_rate::total         0.458363                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1968910.487179                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 957168.777139                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 958207.635722                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l206.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 1481245.957447                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l206.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1481245.957447                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1968910.487179                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 957817.148486                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 958854.058219                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1968910.487179                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 957817.148486                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 958854.058219                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l206.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l206.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l206.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l206.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l206.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l206.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l206.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l206.writebacks::writebacks               5961                       # number of writebacks
system.l206.writebacks::total                    5961                       # number of writebacks
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data        37943                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          37982                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l206.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data           47                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l206.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           47                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l206.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l206.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data        37990                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l206.demand_mshr_misses::total           38029                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l206.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l206.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data        37990                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l206.overall_mshr_misses::total          38029                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     73361675                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data  32985589814                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  33058951489                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data     65488540                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     65488540                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     73361675                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data  33051078354                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  33124440029                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     73361675                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data  33051078354                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  33124440029                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.975000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.457978                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.458227                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.602564                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l206.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.602564                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.975000                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.458114                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.458363                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.975000                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.458114                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.458363                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1881068.589744                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 869345.855995                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 870384.695092                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l206.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 1393373.191489                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l206.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1393373.191489                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1881068.589744                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 869994.165675                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 871031.056010                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1881068.589744                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 869994.165675                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 871031.056010                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l207.replacements                        13329                       # number of replacements
system.l207.tagsinuse                     2047.468123                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l207.total_refs                         196597                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l207.sampled_refs                        15377                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l207.avg_refs                        12.785134                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l207.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l207.occ_blocks::writebacks          26.967953                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l207.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.inst     4.758805                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l207.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.data  1533.737385                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l207.occ_blocks::cpu07.data         482.003980                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l207.occ_percent::writebacks          0.013168                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l207.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.inst     0.002324                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l207.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.data     0.748895                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l207.occ_percent::cpu07.data          0.235354                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l207.occ_percent::total               0.999740                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l207.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l207.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data        31763                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l207.ReadReq_hits::total                 31765                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l207.Writeback_hits::writebacks          10223                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l207.Writeback_hits::total               10223                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l207.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data          168                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l207.ReadExReq_hits::total                 168                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l207.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l207.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.data        31931                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l207.demand_hits::total                  31933                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l207.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l207.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.data        31931                       # number of overall hits
system.l207.overall_hits::total                 31933                       # number of overall hits
system.l207.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l207.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data        13283                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l207.ReadReq_misses::total               13324                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l207.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l207.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.data        13283                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l207.demand_misses::total                13324                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l207.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           41                       # number of overall misses
system.l207.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.data        13283                       # number of overall misses
system.l207.overall_misses::total               13324                       # number of overall misses
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     59330332                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data  10810660416                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   10869990748                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l207.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     59330332                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l207.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data  10810660416                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l207.demand_miss_latency::total    10869990748                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l207.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     59330332                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l207.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data  10810660416                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l207.overall_miss_latency::total   10869990748                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           43                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data        45046                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.ReadReq_accesses::total             45089                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.Writeback_accesses::writebacks        10223                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.Writeback_accesses::total           10223                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data          168                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.ReadExReq_accesses::total             168                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           43                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l207.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.data        45214                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l207.demand_accesses::total              45257                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l207.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           43                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l207.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.data        45214                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l207.overall_accesses::total             45257                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.953488                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.294876                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.295504                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.953488                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.293781                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.demand_miss_rate::total          0.294407                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.953488                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.293781                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.overall_miss_rate::total         0.294407                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 1447081.268293                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 813871.897613                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 815820.380366                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 1447081.268293                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 813871.897613                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 815820.380366                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 1447081.268293                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 813871.897613                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 815820.380366                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l207.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l207.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l207.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l207.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l207.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l207.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l207.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l207.writebacks::writebacks               5860                       # number of writebacks
system.l207.writebacks::total                    5860                       # number of writebacks
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data            1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total                1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l207.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l207.demand_mshr_hits::total                 1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l207.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data            1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l207.overall_mshr_hits::total                1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data        13282                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          13323                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l207.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l207.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data        13282                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l207.demand_mshr_misses::total           13323                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l207.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           41                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l207.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data        13282                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l207.overall_mshr_misses::total          13323                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     55729780                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   9644242554                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   9699972334                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     55729780                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   9644242554                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   9699972334                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     55729780                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   9644242554                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   9699972334                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.953488                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.294854                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.295482                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.953488                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.293759                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.294385                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.953488                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.293759                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.294385                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 1359262.926829                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 726113.729408                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 728062.173234                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 1359262.926829                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 726113.729408                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 728062.173234                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 1359262.926829                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 726113.729408                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 728062.173234                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l208.replacements                        32382                       # number of replacements
system.l208.tagsinuse                     2047.588979                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l208.total_refs                         167983                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l208.sampled_refs                        34430                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l208.avg_refs                         4.878972                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l208.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l208.occ_blocks::writebacks          11.507100                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l208.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.inst     3.214304                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l208.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.data  1667.658253                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l208.occ_blocks::cpu08.data         365.209321                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l208.occ_percent::writebacks          0.005619                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l208.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.inst     0.001569                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l208.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.data     0.814286                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l208.occ_percent::cpu08.data          0.178325                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l208.occ_percent::total               0.999799                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l208.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l208.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data        40715                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l208.ReadReq_hits::total                 40716                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l208.Writeback_hits::writebacks           8493                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l208.Writeback_hits::total                8493                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l208.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data          106                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l208.ReadExReq_hits::total                 106                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l208.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l208.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.data        40821                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l208.demand_hits::total                  40822                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l208.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l208.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.data        40821                       # number of overall hits
system.l208.overall_hits::total                 40822                       # number of overall hits
system.l208.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l208.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data        32303                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l208.ReadReq_misses::total               32341                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l208.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data           32                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l208.ReadExReq_misses::total                32                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l208.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l208.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.data        32335                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l208.demand_misses::total                32373                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l208.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           38                       # number of overall misses
system.l208.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.data        32335                       # number of overall misses
system.l208.overall_misses::total               32373                       # number of overall misses
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     68984450                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data  29749037971                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   29818022421                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l208.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data     27331238                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l208.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     27331238                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l208.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     68984450                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l208.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data  29776369209                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l208.demand_miss_latency::total    29845353659                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l208.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     68984450                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l208.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data  29776369209                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l208.overall_miss_latency::total   29845353659                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data        73018                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.ReadReq_accesses::total             73057                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         8493                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.Writeback_accesses::total            8493                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data          138                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.ReadExReq_accesses::total             138                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l208.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.data        73156                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l208.demand_accesses::total              73195                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l208.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           39                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l208.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.data        73156                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l208.overall_accesses::total             73195                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.974359                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.442398                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.442682                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.231884                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l208.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.231884                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l208.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.974359                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.442001                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.demand_miss_rate::total          0.442284                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.974359                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.442001                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.overall_miss_rate::total         0.442284                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1815380.263158                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 920937.311426                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 921988.263226                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l208.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 854101.187500                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l208.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 854101.187500                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1815380.263158                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 920871.167744                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 921921.158342                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1815380.263158                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 920871.167744                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 921921.158342                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l208.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l208.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l208.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l208.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l208.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l208.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l208.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l208.writebacks::writebacks               4851                       # number of writebacks
system.l208.writebacks::total                    4851                       # number of writebacks
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data        32303                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          32341                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l208.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data           32                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l208.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           32                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l208.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l208.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data        32335                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l208.demand_mshr_misses::total           32373                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l208.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l208.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data        32335                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l208.overall_mshr_misses::total          32373                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     65647083                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data  26912421368                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  26978068451                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data     24520952                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     24520952                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     65647083                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data  26936942320                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  27002589403                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     65647083                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data  26936942320                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  27002589403                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.974359                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.442398                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.442682                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.231884                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l208.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.231884                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.974359                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.442001                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.442284                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.974359                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.442001                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.442284                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1727554.815789                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 833124.519952                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 834175.456881                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l208.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 766279.750000                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l208.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 766279.750000                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1727554.815789                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 833058.367713                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 834108.343465                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1727554.815789                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 833058.367713                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 834108.343465                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l209.replacements                        32357                       # number of replacements
system.l209.tagsinuse                     2047.588371                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l209.total_refs                         167912                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l209.sampled_refs                        34405                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l209.avg_refs                         4.880453                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l209.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l209.occ_blocks::writebacks          12.215911                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l209.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.inst     3.445733                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l209.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.data  1668.868962                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l209.occ_blocks::cpu09.data         363.057765                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l209.occ_percent::writebacks          0.005965                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l209.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.inst     0.001682                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l209.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.data     0.814877                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l209.occ_percent::cpu09.data          0.177274                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l209.occ_percent::total               0.999799                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l209.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l209.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data        40666                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l209.ReadReq_hits::total                 40667                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l209.Writeback_hits::writebacks           8472                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l209.Writeback_hits::total                8472                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l209.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data          105                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l209.ReadExReq_hits::total                 105                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l209.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l209.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.data        40771                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l209.demand_hits::total                  40772                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l209.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l209.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.data        40771                       # number of overall hits
system.l209.overall_hits::total                 40772                       # number of overall hits
system.l209.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l209.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data        32277                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l209.ReadReq_misses::total               32315                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l209.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data           33                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l209.ReadExReq_misses::total                33                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l209.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l209.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.data        32310                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l209.demand_misses::total                32348                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l209.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           38                       # number of overall misses
system.l209.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.data        32310                       # number of overall misses
system.l209.overall_misses::total               32348                       # number of overall misses
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst    100780864                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data  30258987145                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   30359768009                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l209.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data     31632450                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l209.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     31632450                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l209.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst    100780864                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l209.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data  30290619595                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l209.demand_miss_latency::total    30391400459                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l209.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst    100780864                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l209.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data  30290619595                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l209.overall_miss_latency::total   30391400459                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data        72943                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.ReadReq_accesses::total             72982                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         8472                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.Writeback_accesses::total            8472                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data          138                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.ReadExReq_accesses::total             138                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l209.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.data        73081                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l209.demand_accesses::total              73120                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l209.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           39                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l209.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.data        73081                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l209.overall_accesses::total             73120                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.974359                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.442496                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.442780                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.239130                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l209.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.239130                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l209.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.974359                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.442112                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.demand_miss_rate::total          0.442396                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.974359                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.442112                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.overall_miss_rate::total         0.442396                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      2652128                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 937478.301732                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 939494.600309                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l209.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 958559.090909                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l209.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 958559.090909                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      2652128                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 937499.832714                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 939514.049060                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      2652128                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 937499.832714                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 939514.049060                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l209.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l209.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l209.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l209.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l209.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l209.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l209.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l209.writebacks::writebacks               4830                       # number of writebacks
system.l209.writebacks::total                    4830                       # number of writebacks
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data        32277                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          32315                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l209.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data           33                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l209.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           33                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l209.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l209.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data        32310                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l209.demand_mshr_misses::total           32348                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l209.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l209.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data        32310                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l209.overall_mshr_misses::total          32348                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     97431585                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data  27423110329                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  27520541914                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data     28731481                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     28731481                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     97431585                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data  27451841810                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  27549273395                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     97431585                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data  27451841810                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  27549273395                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.974359                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.442496                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.442780                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.239130                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l209.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.239130                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.974359                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.442112                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.442396                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.974359                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.442112                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.442396                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 2563989.078947                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 849617.694612                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 851633.665914                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l209.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 870650.939394                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l209.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 870650.939394                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 2563989.078947                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 849639.177035                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 851653.066496                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 2563989.078947                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 849639.177035                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 851653.066496                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l210.replacements                        38085                       # number of replacements
system.l210.tagsinuse                     2047.936737                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l210.total_refs                         207524                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l210.sampled_refs                        40133                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l210.avg_refs                         5.170907                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l210.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l210.occ_blocks::writebacks           3.689460                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l210.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.inst     1.849456                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l210.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.data  1819.266753                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l210.occ_blocks::cpu10.data         223.131068                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l210.occ_percent::writebacks          0.001801                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l210.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000903                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l210.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.data     0.888314                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l210.occ_percent::cpu10.data          0.108951                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l210.occ_percent::total               0.999969                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l210.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l210.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data        45017                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l210.ReadReq_hits::total                 45018                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l210.Writeback_hits::writebacks          14268                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l210.Writeback_hits::total               14268                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l210.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data           31                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l210.ReadExReq_hits::total                  31                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l210.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l210.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.data        45048                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l210.demand_hits::total                  45049                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l210.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l210.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.data        45048                       # number of overall hits
system.l210.overall_hits::total                 45049                       # number of overall hits
system.l210.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l210.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data        37997                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l210.ReadReq_misses::total               38037                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l210.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data           48                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l210.ReadExReq_misses::total                48                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l210.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l210.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.data        38045                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l210.demand_misses::total                38085                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l210.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           40                       # number of overall misses
system.l210.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.data        38045                       # number of overall misses
system.l210.overall_misses::total               38085                       # number of overall misses
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     80055915                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data  35765590476                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   35845646391                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l210.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data     83126109                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l210.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     83126109                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l210.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     80055915                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l210.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data  35848716585                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l210.demand_miss_latency::total    35928772500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l210.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     80055915                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l210.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data  35848716585                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l210.overall_miss_latency::total   35928772500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data        83014                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.ReadReq_accesses::total             83055                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.Writeback_accesses::writebacks        14268                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.Writeback_accesses::total           14268                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data           79                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.ReadExReq_accesses::total              79                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l210.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.data        83093                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l210.demand_accesses::total              83134                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l210.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           41                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l210.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.data        83093                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l210.overall_accesses::total             83134                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.975610                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.457718                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.457974                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.607595                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l210.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.607595                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l210.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.975610                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.457860                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.demand_miss_rate::total          0.458116                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.975610                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.457860                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.overall_miss_rate::total         0.458116                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 2001397.875000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 941274.060478                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 942388.894787                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l210.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 1731793.937500                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l210.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1731793.937500                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 2001397.875000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 942271.430806                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 943383.812525                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 2001397.875000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 942271.430806                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 943383.812525                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l210.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l210.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l210.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l210.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l210.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l210.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l210.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l210.writebacks::writebacks               5976                       # number of writebacks
system.l210.writebacks::total                    5976                       # number of writebacks
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data        37997                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          38037                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l210.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data           48                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l210.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           48                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l210.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l210.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data        38045                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l210.demand_mshr_misses::total           38085                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l210.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           40                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l210.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data        38045                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l210.overall_mshr_misses::total          38085                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     76543915                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data  32429158445                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  32505702360                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data     78911709                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     78911709                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     76543915                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data  32508070154                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  32584614069                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     76543915                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data  32508070154                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  32584614069                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.975610                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.457718                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.457974                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.607595                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l210.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.607595                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.975610                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.457860                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.458116                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.975610                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.457860                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.458116                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1913597.875000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 853466.285365                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 854581.127849                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l210.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 1643993.937500                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l210.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1643993.937500                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1913597.875000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 854463.665501                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 855576.055376                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1913597.875000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 854463.665501                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 855576.055376                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l211.replacements                         9498                       # number of replacements
system.l211.tagsinuse                     2047.228108                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l211.total_refs                         219112                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l211.sampled_refs                        11546                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l211.avg_refs                        18.977308                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l211.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l211.occ_blocks::writebacks          38.083109                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l211.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.inst     5.109219                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l211.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.data  1412.011399                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l211.occ_blocks::cpu11.data         592.024382                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l211.occ_percent::writebacks          0.018595                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l211.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.inst     0.002495                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l211.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.data     0.689459                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l211.occ_percent::cpu11.data          0.289074                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l211.occ_percent::total               0.999623                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l211.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l211.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data        31209                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l211.ReadReq_hits::total                 31211                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l211.Writeback_hits::writebacks           9723                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l211.Writeback_hits::total                9723                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l211.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data          235                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l211.ReadExReq_hits::total                 235                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l211.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l211.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.data        31444                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l211.demand_hits::total                  31446                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l211.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l211.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.data        31444                       # number of overall hits
system.l211.overall_hits::total                 31446                       # number of overall hits
system.l211.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l211.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data         9461                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l211.ReadReq_misses::total                9498                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l211.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l211.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.data         9461                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l211.demand_misses::total                 9498                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l211.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           37                       # number of overall misses
system.l211.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.data         9461                       # number of overall misses
system.l211.overall_misses::total                9498                       # number of overall misses
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst    102473651                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   7781969451                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    7884443102                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l211.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst    102473651                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l211.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   7781969451                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l211.demand_miss_latency::total     7884443102                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l211.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst    102473651                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l211.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   7781969451                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l211.overall_miss_latency::total    7884443102                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data        40670                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.ReadReq_accesses::total             40709                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         9723                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.Writeback_accesses::total            9723                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data          235                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.ReadExReq_accesses::total             235                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l211.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.data        40905                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l211.demand_accesses::total              40944                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l211.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           39                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l211.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.data        40905                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l211.overall_accesses::total             40944                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.948718                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.232628                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.233315                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.948718                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.231292                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.demand_miss_rate::total          0.231975                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.948718                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.231292                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.overall_miss_rate::total         0.231975                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 2769558.135135                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 822531.386851                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 830116.140451                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 2769558.135135                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 822531.386851                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 830116.140451                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 2769558.135135                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 822531.386851                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 830116.140451                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l211.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l211.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l211.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l211.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l211.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l211.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l211.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l211.writebacks::writebacks               4994                       # number of writebacks
system.l211.writebacks::total                    4994                       # number of writebacks
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data         9461                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           9498                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l211.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l211.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data         9461                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l211.demand_mshr_misses::total            9498                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l211.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l211.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data         9461                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l211.overall_mshr_misses::total           9498                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     99224030                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   6951043056                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   7050267086                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     99224030                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   6951043056                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   7050267086                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     99224030                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   6951043056                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   7050267086                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.948718                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.232628                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.233315                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.948718                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.231292                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.231975                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.948718                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.231292                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.231975                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 2681730.540541                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 734704.899693                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 742289.648979                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 2681730.540541                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 734704.899693                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 742289.648979                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 2681730.540541                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 734704.899693                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 742289.648979                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l212.replacements                        20114                       # number of replacements
system.l212.tagsinuse                     2047.832913                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l212.total_refs                         161459                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l212.sampled_refs                        22162                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l212.avg_refs                         7.285398                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l212.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l212.occ_blocks::writebacks          28.697114                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l212.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.inst     2.095970                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l212.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.data  1680.764680                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l212.occ_blocks::cpu12.data         336.275149                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l212.occ_percent::writebacks          0.014012                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l212.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.inst     0.001023                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l212.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.data     0.820686                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l212.occ_percent::cpu12.data          0.164197                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l212.occ_percent::total               0.999918                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l212.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l212.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data        37859                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l212.ReadReq_hits::total                 37860                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l212.Writeback_hits::writebacks           6791                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l212.Writeback_hits::total                6791                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l212.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data           76                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l212.ReadExReq_hits::total                  76                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l212.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l212.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.data        37935                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l212.demand_hits::total                  37936                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l212.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l212.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.data        37935                       # number of overall hits
system.l212.overall_hits::total                 37936                       # number of overall hits
system.l212.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l212.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data        20079                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l212.ReadReq_misses::total               20113                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l212.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l212.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.data        20079                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l212.demand_misses::total                20113                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l212.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           34                       # number of overall misses
system.l212.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.data        20079                       # number of overall misses
system.l212.overall_misses::total               20113                       # number of overall misses
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     73242829                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data  16248446204                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   16321689033                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l212.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     73242829                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l212.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data  16248446204                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l212.demand_miss_latency::total    16321689033                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l212.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     73242829                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l212.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data  16248446204                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l212.overall_miss_latency::total   16321689033                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data        57938                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.ReadReq_accesses::total             57973                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         6791                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.Writeback_accesses::total            6791                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data           76                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.ReadExReq_accesses::total              76                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l212.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.data        58014                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l212.demand_accesses::total              58049                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l212.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           35                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l212.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.data        58014                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l212.overall_accesses::total             58049                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.346560                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.346937                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.346106                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.demand_miss_rate::total          0.346483                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.346106                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.overall_miss_rate::total         0.346483                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 2154200.852941                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 809225.868021                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 811499.479590                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 2154200.852941                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 809225.868021                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 811499.479590                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 2154200.852941                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 809225.868021                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 811499.479590                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l212.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l212.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l212.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l212.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l212.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l212.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l212.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l212.writebacks::writebacks               2709                       # number of writebacks
system.l212.writebacks::total                    2709                       # number of writebacks
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data        20079                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          20113                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l212.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l212.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data        20079                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l212.demand_mshr_misses::total           20113                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l212.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           34                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l212.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data        20079                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l212.overall_mshr_misses::total          20113                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     70256905                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data  14484949875                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  14555206780                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     70256905                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data  14484949875                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  14555206780                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     70256905                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data  14484949875                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  14555206780                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.346560                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.346937                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.346106                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.346483                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.346106                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.346483                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 2066379.558824                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 721397.971762                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 723671.594491                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 2066379.558824                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 721397.971762                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 723671.594491                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 2066379.558824                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 721397.971762                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 723671.594491                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l213.replacements                         9494                       # number of replacements
system.l213.tagsinuse                     2047.219482                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l213.total_refs                         219108                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l213.sampled_refs                        11542                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l213.avg_refs                        18.983538                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l213.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l213.occ_blocks::writebacks          38.070333                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l213.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.inst     4.966306                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l213.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.data  1412.208009                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l213.occ_blocks::cpu13.data         591.974835                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l213.occ_percent::writebacks          0.018589                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l213.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.inst     0.002425                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l213.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.data     0.689555                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l213.occ_percent::cpu13.data          0.289050                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l213.occ_percent::total               0.999619                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l213.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l213.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data        31206                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l213.ReadReq_hits::total                 31208                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l213.Writeback_hits::writebacks           9722                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l213.Writeback_hits::total                9722                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l213.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data          238                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l213.ReadExReq_hits::total                 238                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l213.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l213.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.data        31444                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l213.demand_hits::total                  31446                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l213.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l213.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.data        31444                       # number of overall hits
system.l213.overall_hits::total                 31446                       # number of overall hits
system.l213.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l213.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data         9459                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l213.ReadReq_misses::total                9494                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l213.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l213.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.data         9459                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l213.demand_misses::total                 9494                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l213.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           35                       # number of overall misses
system.l213.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.data         9459                       # number of overall misses
system.l213.overall_misses::total                9494                       # number of overall misses
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     95939093                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   7717972760                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    7813911853                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l213.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     95939093                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l213.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   7717972760                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l213.demand_miss_latency::total     7813911853                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l213.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     95939093                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l213.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   7717972760                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l213.overall_miss_latency::total    7813911853                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data        40665                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.ReadReq_accesses::total             40702                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         9722                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.Writeback_accesses::total            9722                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data          238                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.ReadExReq_accesses::total             238                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l213.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.data        40903                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l213.demand_accesses::total              40940                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l213.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           37                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l213.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.data        40903                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l213.overall_accesses::total             40940                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.945946                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.232608                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.233256                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.945946                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.231254                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.demand_miss_rate::total          0.231900                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.945946                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.231254                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.overall_miss_rate::total         0.231900                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 2741116.942857                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 815939.608838                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 823036.849905                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 2741116.942857                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 815939.608838                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 823036.849905                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 2741116.942857                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 815939.608838                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 823036.849905                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l213.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l213.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l213.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l213.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l213.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l213.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l213.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l213.writebacks::writebacks               4994                       # number of writebacks
system.l213.writebacks::total                    4994                       # number of writebacks
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data         9459                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           9494                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l213.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l213.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data         9459                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l213.demand_mshr_misses::total            9494                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l213.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l213.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data         9459                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l213.overall_mshr_misses::total           9494                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     92865094                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   6887275989                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   6980141083                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     92865094                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   6887275989                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   6980141083                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     92865094                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   6887275989                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   6980141083                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.945946                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.232608                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.233256                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.945946                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.231254                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.231900                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.945946                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.231254                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.231900                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 2653288.400000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 728118.827466                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 735216.039920                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 2653288.400000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 728118.827466                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 735216.039920                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 2653288.400000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 728118.827466                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 735216.039920                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l214.replacements                        32388                       # number of replacements
system.l214.tagsinuse                     2047.589223                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l214.total_refs                         167928                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l214.sampled_refs                        34436                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l214.avg_refs                         4.876525                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l214.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l214.occ_blocks::writebacks          11.908146                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l214.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.inst     3.739533                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l214.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.data  1670.196602                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l214.occ_blocks::cpu14.data         361.744941                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l214.occ_percent::writebacks          0.005815                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l214.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.inst     0.001826                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l214.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.data     0.815526                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l214.occ_percent::cpu14.data          0.176633                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l214.occ_percent::total               0.999799                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l214.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l214.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data        40672                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l214.ReadReq_hits::total                 40673                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l214.Writeback_hits::writebacks           8482                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l214.Writeback_hits::total                8482                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l214.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data          105                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l214.ReadExReq_hits::total                 105                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l214.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l214.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.data        40777                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l214.demand_hits::total                  40778                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l214.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l214.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.data        40777                       # number of overall hits
system.l214.overall_hits::total                 40778                       # number of overall hits
system.l214.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l214.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data        32305                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l214.ReadReq_misses::total               32345                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l214.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data           33                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l214.ReadExReq_misses::total                33                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l214.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l214.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.data        32338                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l214.demand_misses::total                32378                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l214.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           40                       # number of overall misses
system.l214.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.data        32338                       # number of overall misses
system.l214.overall_misses::total               32378                       # number of overall misses
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     81118839                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data  30039974675                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   30121093514                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l214.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data     26521269                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l214.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     26521269                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l214.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     81118839                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l214.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data  30066495944                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l214.demand_miss_latency::total    30147614783                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l214.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     81118839                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l214.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data  30066495944                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l214.overall_miss_latency::total   30147614783                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data        72977                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.ReadReq_accesses::total             73018                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         8482                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.Writeback_accesses::total            8482                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data          138                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.ReadExReq_accesses::total             138                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l214.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.data        73115                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l214.demand_accesses::total              73156                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l214.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           41                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l214.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.data        73115                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l214.overall_accesses::total             73156                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.975610                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.442674                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.442973                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.239130                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l214.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.239130                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l214.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.975610                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.442290                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.demand_miss_rate::total          0.442588                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.975610                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.442290                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.overall_miss_rate::total         0.442588                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 2027970.975000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 929886.230460                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 931244.195826                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l214.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 803674.818182                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l214.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 803674.818182                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 2027970.975000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 929757.435339                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 931114.175767                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 2027970.975000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 929757.435339                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 931114.175767                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l214.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l214.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l214.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l214.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l214.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l214.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l214.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l214.writebacks::writebacks               4845                       # number of writebacks
system.l214.writebacks::total                    4845                       # number of writebacks
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data        32305                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          32345                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l214.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data           33                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l214.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           33                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l214.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l214.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data        32338                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l214.demand_mshr_misses::total           32378                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l214.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           40                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l214.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data        32338                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l214.overall_mshr_misses::total          32378                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     77606627                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data  27202974516                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  27280581143                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data     23623340                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     23623340                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     77606627                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data  27226597856                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  27304204483                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     77606627                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data  27226597856                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  27304204483                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.975610                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.442674                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.442973                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.239130                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l214.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.239130                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.975610                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.442290                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.442588                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.975610                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.442290                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.442588                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1940165.675000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 842067.002507                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 843424.985098                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l214.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 715858.787879                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l214.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 715858.787879                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1940165.675000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 841938.210650                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 843294.968281                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1940165.675000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 841938.210650                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 843294.968281                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l215.replacements                        20545                       # number of replacements
system.l215.tagsinuse                     2047.527830                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l215.total_refs                         233327                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l215.sampled_refs                        22593                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l215.avg_refs                        10.327402                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l215.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l215.occ_blocks::writebacks          32.252683                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l215.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.inst     2.689579                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l215.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.data  1668.077610                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l215.occ_blocks::cpu15.data         344.507959                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l215.occ_percent::writebacks          0.015748                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l215.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.inst     0.001313                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l215.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.data     0.814491                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l215.occ_percent::cpu15.data          0.168217                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l215.occ_percent::total               0.999769                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l215.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l215.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data        38162                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l215.ReadReq_hits::total                 38163                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l215.Writeback_hits::writebacks          20817                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l215.Writeback_hits::total               20817                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l215.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data          163                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l215.ReadExReq_hits::total                 163                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l215.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l215.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.data        38325                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l215.demand_hits::total                  38326                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l215.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l215.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.data        38325                       # number of overall hits
system.l215.overall_hits::total                 38326                       # number of overall hits
system.l215.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l215.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data        20486                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l215.ReadReq_misses::total               20524                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l215.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data            6                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l215.ReadExReq_misses::total                 6                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l215.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l215.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.data        20492                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l215.demand_misses::total                20530                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l215.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           38                       # number of overall misses
system.l215.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.data        20492                       # number of overall misses
system.l215.overall_misses::total               20530                       # number of overall misses
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     79318397                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data  17303693055                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   17383011452                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l215.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data      3986701                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l215.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total      3986701                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l215.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     79318397                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l215.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data  17307679756                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l215.demand_miss_latency::total    17386998153                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l215.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     79318397                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l215.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data  17307679756                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l215.overall_miss_latency::total   17386998153                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data        58648                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.ReadReq_accesses::total             58687                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.Writeback_accesses::writebacks        20817                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.Writeback_accesses::total           20817                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data          169                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.ReadExReq_accesses::total             169                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l215.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.data        58817                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l215.demand_accesses::total              58856                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l215.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           39                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l215.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.data        58817                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l215.overall_accesses::total             58856                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.974359                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.349304                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.349720                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.035503                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l215.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.035503                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l215.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.974359                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.348403                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.demand_miss_rate::total          0.348817                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.974359                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.348403                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.overall_miss_rate::total         0.348817                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 2087326.236842                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 844659.428634                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 846960.214968                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l215.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 664450.166667                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l215.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 664450.166667                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 2087326.236842                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 844606.663869                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 846906.875451                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 2087326.236842                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 844606.663869                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 846906.875451                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l215.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l215.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l215.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l215.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l215.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l215.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l215.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l215.writebacks::writebacks              11079                       # number of writebacks
system.l215.writebacks::total                   11079                       # number of writebacks
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data        20486                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          20524                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l215.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data            6                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l215.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total            6                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l215.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l215.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data        20492                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l215.demand_mshr_misses::total           20530                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l215.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l215.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data        20492                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l215.overall_mshr_misses::total          20530                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     75980835                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data  15504792971                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  15580773806                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data      3459901                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      3459901                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     75980835                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data  15508252872                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  15584233707                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     75980835                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data  15508252872                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  15584233707                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.974359                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.349304                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.349720                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.035503                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l215.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.035503                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.974359                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.348403                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.348817                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.974359                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.348403                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.348817                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 1999495.657895                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 756848.236405                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 759148.986845                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l215.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 576650.166667                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l215.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 576650.166667                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 1999495.657895                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 756795.474917                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 759095.650609                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 1999495.657895                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 756795.474917                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 759095.650609                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu00.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu00.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu00.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu00.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu00.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu00.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu00.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu00.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu00.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu00.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu00.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu00.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu00.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu00.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu00.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu00.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu00.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu00.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu00.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu00.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu00.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu00.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu00.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu00.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu00.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu00.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu00.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu00.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu00.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu00.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu00.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu00.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu00.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu00.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu00.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu00.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu00.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu00.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu00.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu00.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu00.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu00.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu00.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu00.icache.tagsinuse              527.078879                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu00.icache.total_refs             1012393989                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.sampled_refs                  528                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.avg_refs             1917412.857955                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu00.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.inst    37.078879                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.icache.occ_blocks::cpu00.inst          490                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.inst     0.059421                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::cpu00.inst     0.785256                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::total       0.844678                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.inst     12385940                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      12385940                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.inst     12385940                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_hits::total       12385940                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.inst     12385940                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_hits::total      12385940                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           60                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           60                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           60                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_misses::total           60                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           60                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_misses::total           60                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     88934295                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     88934295                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     88934295                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     88934295                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     88934295                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     88934295                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst     12386000                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     12386000                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst     12386000                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_accesses::total     12386000                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst     12386000                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_accesses::total     12386000                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 1482238.250000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1482238.250000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 1482238.250000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1482238.250000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 1482238.250000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1482238.250000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu00.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst           22                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           22                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst           22                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           22                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst           22                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           22                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     56105615                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     56105615                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     56105615                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     56105615                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     56105615                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     56105615                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 1476463.552632                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1476463.552632                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 1476463.552632                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1476463.552632                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 1476463.552632                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1476463.552632                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu00.dcache.replacements                73087                       # number of replacements
system.cpu00.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu00.dcache.total_refs              180703038                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.sampled_refs                73343                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_refs              2463.807562                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.data   234.178531                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu00.data    21.821469                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.data     0.914760                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::cpu00.data     0.085240                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data      8580039                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       8580039                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data      7108477                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      7108477                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data        20432                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        20432                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data        16588                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        16588                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.data     15688516                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_hits::total       15688516                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.data     15688516                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_hits::total      15688516                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data       190484                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       190484                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data         1024                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         1024                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.data       191508                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_misses::total       191508                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.data       191508                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_misses::total       191508                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data  83960484540                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  83960484540                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    364803984                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    364803984                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data  84325288524                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  84325288524                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data  84325288524                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  84325288524                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data      8770523                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      8770523                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data      7109501                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      7109501                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data        20432                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        20432                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data        16588                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        16588                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.data     15880024                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_accesses::total     15880024                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.data     15880024                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_accesses::total     15880024                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.021719                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021719                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.000144                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000144                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.012060                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012060                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.012060                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012060                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 440774.472082                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 440774.472082                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 356253.890625                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 356253.890625                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 440322.537565                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 440322.537565                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 440322.537565                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 440322.537565                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets       335474                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked::no_targets             2                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets       167737                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu00.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu00.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         8471                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu00.dcache.writebacks::total            8471                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data       117536                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       117536                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data          885                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          885                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data       118421                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       118421                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data       118421                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       118421                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data        72948                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        72948                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data          139                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          139                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data        73087                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        73087                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data        73087                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        73087                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data  33183473755                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  33183473755                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data     32051487                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     32051487                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data  33215525242                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  33215525242                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data  33215525242                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  33215525242                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.008317                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.008317                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.000020                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000020                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.004602                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004602                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.004602                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004602                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 454892.166406                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 454892.166406                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 230586.237410                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 230586.237410                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 454465.571743                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 454465.571743                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 454465.571743                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 454465.571743                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu01.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu01.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu01.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu01.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu01.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu01.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu01.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu01.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu01.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu01.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu01.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu01.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu01.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu01.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu01.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu01.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu01.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu01.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu01.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu01.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu01.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu01.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu01.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu01.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu01.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu01.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu01.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu01.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu01.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu01.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu01.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu01.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu01.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu01.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu01.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu01.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu01.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu01.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu01.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu01.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu01.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu01.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu01.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu01.icache.tagsinuse              519.235485                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu01.icache.total_refs             1008301025                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.sampled_refs                  520                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.avg_refs             1939040.432692                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu01.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.inst    37.235485                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.icache.occ_blocks::cpu01.inst          482                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.inst     0.059672                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::cpu01.inst     0.772436                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::total       0.832108                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.inst     12738579                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      12738579                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.inst     12738579                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_hits::total       12738579                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.inst     12738579                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_hits::total      12738579                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           49                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           49                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           49                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_misses::total           49                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           49                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_misses::total           49                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     89470496                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     89470496                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     89470496                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     89470496                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     89470496                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     89470496                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst     12738628                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     12738628                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst     12738628                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_accesses::total     12738628                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst     12738628                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_accesses::total     12738628                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1825928.489796                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1825928.489796                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1825928.489796                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1825928.489796                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1825928.489796                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1825928.489796                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu01.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst           11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     67753727                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     67753727                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     67753727                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     67753727                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     67753727                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     67753727                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1782992.815789                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1782992.815789                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1782992.815789                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1782992.815789                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1782992.815789                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1782992.815789                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu01.dcache.replacements                58732                       # number of replacements
system.cpu01.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu01.dcache.total_refs              172700076                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.sampled_refs                58988                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_refs              2927.715400                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.data   233.934976                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu01.data    22.065024                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.data     0.913809                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::cpu01.data     0.086191                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data      8974061                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       8974061                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data      7595201                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      7595201                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data        18498                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        18498                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data        17482                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        17482                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.data     16569262                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_hits::total       16569262                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.data     16569262                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_hits::total      16569262                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data       200309                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       200309                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data         5881                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         5881                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.data       206190                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_misses::total       206190                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.data       206190                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_misses::total       206190                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data  85123283463                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  85123283463                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   3806237048                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   3806237048                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data  88929520511                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  88929520511                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data  88929520511                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  88929520511                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data      9174370                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      9174370                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data      7601082                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      7601082                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data        18498                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        18498                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data        17482                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        17482                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.data     16775452                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_accesses::total     16775452                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.data     16775452                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_accesses::total     16775452                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.021834                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021834                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.000774                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000774                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.012291                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012291                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.012291                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012291                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 424959.854340                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 424959.854340                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 647209.156266                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 647209.156266                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 431298.901552                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 431298.901552                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 431298.901552                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 431298.901552                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets     54607498                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked::no_targets           100                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets 546074.980000                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu01.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu01.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        20761                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu01.dcache.writebacks::total           20761                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data       141744                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       141744                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data         5714                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total         5714                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data       147458                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       147458                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data       147458                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       147458                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data        58565                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        58565                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data          167                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          167                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data        58732                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        58732                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data        58732                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        58732                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data  20280489884                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  20280489884                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data     14070702                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     14070702                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data  20294560586                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  20294560586                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data  20294560586                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  20294560586                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.006384                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006384                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.003501                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003501                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.003501                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003501                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 346290.273781                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 346290.273781                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 84255.700599                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 84255.700599                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 345545.198291                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 345545.198291                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 345545.198291                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 345545.198291                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu02.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu02.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu02.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu02.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu02.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu02.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu02.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu02.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu02.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu02.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu02.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu02.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu02.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu02.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu02.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu02.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu02.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu02.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu02.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu02.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu02.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu02.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu02.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu02.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu02.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu02.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu02.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu02.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu02.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu02.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu02.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu02.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu02.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu02.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu02.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu02.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu02.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu02.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu02.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu02.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu02.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu02.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu02.icache.replacements                    1                       # number of replacements
system.cpu02.icache.tagsinuse              559.081787                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu02.icache.total_refs              926798487                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.sampled_refs                  561                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.avg_refs             1652047.213904                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu02.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.inst    33.075670                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.icache.occ_blocks::cpu02.inst   526.006117                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.inst     0.053006                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::cpu02.inst     0.842959                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::total       0.895964                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.inst     12979940                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      12979940                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.inst     12979940                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_hits::total       12979940                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.inst     12979940                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_hits::total      12979940                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           47                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           47                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           47                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_misses::total           47                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           47                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_misses::total           47                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     89982844                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     89982844                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     89982844                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     89982844                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     89982844                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     89982844                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst     12979987                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     12979987                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst     12979987                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_accesses::total     12979987                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst     12979987                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_accesses::total     12979987                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 1914528.595745                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1914528.595745                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 1914528.595745                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1914528.595745                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 1914528.595745                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1914528.595745                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu02.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst           13                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           34                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           34                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           34                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           34                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     67805613                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     67805613                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     67805613                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     67805613                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     67805613                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     67805613                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 1994282.735294                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1994282.735294                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 1994282.735294                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1994282.735294                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 1994282.735294                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1994282.735294                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu02.dcache.replacements                58217                       # number of replacements
system.cpu02.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu02.dcache.total_refs              224873313                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.sampled_refs                58473                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_refs              3845.763224                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.data   202.392270                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu02.data    53.607730                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.data     0.790595                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::cpu02.data     0.209405                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data     19090510                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      19090510                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data      3663149                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      3663149                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data         8670                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         8670                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data         8597                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         8597                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.data     22753659                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_hits::total       22753659                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.data     22753659                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_hits::total      22753659                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data       205312                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       205312                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data          325                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          325                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.data       205637                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_misses::total       205637                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.data       205637                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_misses::total       205637                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data  90977917735                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  90977917735                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data     28083863                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     28083863                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data  91006001598                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  91006001598                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data  91006001598                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  91006001598                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data     19295822                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     19295822                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data      3663474                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      3663474                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data         8670                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         8670                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data         8597                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         8597                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.data     22959296                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_accesses::total     22959296                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.data     22959296                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_accesses::total     22959296                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.010640                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010640                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.000089                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000089                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.008957                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008957                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.008957                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008957                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 443120.313158                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 443120.313158                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 86411.886154                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 86411.886154                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 442556.551584                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 442556.551584                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 442556.551584                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 442556.551584                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu02.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu02.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         6827                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu02.dcache.writebacks::total            6827                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data       147170                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       147170                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data          249                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          249                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data       147419                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       147419                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data       147419                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       147419                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data        58142                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        58142                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data           76                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           76                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data        58218                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        58218                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data        58218                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        58218                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data  18456768301                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  18456768301                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data      4946596                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      4946596                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data  18461714897                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  18461714897                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data  18461714897                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  18461714897                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.003013                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003013                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.002536                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002536                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.002536                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002536                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 317442.955196                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 317442.955196                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 65086.789474                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 65086.789474                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 317113.519822                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 317113.519822                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 317113.519822                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 317113.519822                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu03.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu03.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu03.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu03.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu03.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu03.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu03.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu03.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu03.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu03.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu03.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu03.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu03.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu03.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu03.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu03.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu03.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu03.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu03.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu03.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu03.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu03.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu03.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu03.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu03.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu03.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu03.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu03.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu03.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu03.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu03.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu03.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu03.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu03.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu03.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu03.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu03.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu03.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu03.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu03.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu03.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu03.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu03.icache.replacements                    2                       # number of replacements
system.cpu03.icache.tagsinuse              559.033576                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu03.icache.total_refs              926792393                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.sampled_refs                  562                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.avg_refs             1649096.784698                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu03.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.inst    33.903083                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.icache.occ_blocks::cpu03.inst   525.130493                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.inst     0.054332                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::cpu03.inst     0.841555                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::total       0.895887                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.inst     12973846                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      12973846                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.inst     12973846                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_hits::total       12973846                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.inst     12973846                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_hits::total      12973846                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           51                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           51                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           51                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_misses::total           51                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           51                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_misses::total           51                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     81010857                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     81010857                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     81010857                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     81010857                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     81010857                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     81010857                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst     12973897                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     12973897                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst     12973897                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_accesses::total     12973897                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst     12973897                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_accesses::total     12973897                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1588448.176471                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1588448.176471                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1588448.176471                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1588448.176471                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1588448.176471                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1588448.176471                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu03.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst           16                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           16                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst           16                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           16                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst           16                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           16                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     59447049                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     59447049                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     59447049                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     59447049                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     59447049                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     59447049                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1698487.114286                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1698487.114286                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1698487.114286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1698487.114286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1698487.114286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1698487.114286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu03.dcache.replacements                58185                       # number of replacements
system.cpu03.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu03.dcache.total_refs              224854481                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.sampled_refs                58441                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_refs              3847.546774                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.data   202.393584                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu03.data    53.606416                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.data     0.790600                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::cpu03.data     0.209400                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data     19075766                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      19075766                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data      3659070                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      3659070                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data         8668                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         8668                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data         8590                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         8590                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.data     22734836                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_hits::total       22734836                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.data     22734836                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_hits::total      22734836                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data       205557                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       205557                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data          341                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          341                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.data       205898                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_misses::total       205898                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.data       205898                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_misses::total       205898                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data  91304129547                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  91304129547                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data     29605817                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     29605817                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data  91333735364                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  91333735364                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data  91333735364                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  91333735364                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data     19281323                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     19281323                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data      3659411                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      3659411                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data         8668                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         8668                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data         8590                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         8590                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.data     22940734                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_accesses::total     22940734                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.data     22940734                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_accesses::total     22940734                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.010661                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010661                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.000093                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000093                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.008975                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008975                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.008975                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008975                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 444179.130592                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 444179.130592                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 86820.577713                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 86820.577713                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 443587.287706                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 443587.287706                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 443587.287706                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 443587.287706                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu03.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu03.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         6911                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu03.dcache.writebacks::total            6911                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data       147450                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       147450                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data          263                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          263                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data       147713                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       147713                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data       147713                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       147713                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data        58107                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        58107                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data           78                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           78                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data        58185                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        58185                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data        58185                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        58185                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data  18547643491                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  18547643491                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data      5088297                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5088297                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data  18552731788                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  18552731788                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data  18552731788                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  18552731788                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.003014                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003014                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.002536                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002536                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.002536                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002536                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 319198.091297                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 319198.091297                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 65234.576923                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 65234.576923                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 318857.640079                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 318857.640079                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 318857.640079                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 318857.640079                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu04.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu04.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu04.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu04.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu04.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu04.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu04.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu04.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu04.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu04.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu04.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu04.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu04.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu04.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu04.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu04.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu04.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu04.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu04.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu04.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu04.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu04.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu04.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu04.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu04.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu04.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu04.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu04.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu04.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu04.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu04.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu04.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu04.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu04.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu04.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu04.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu04.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu04.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu04.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu04.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu04.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu04.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu04.icache.replacements                    2                       # number of replacements
system.cpu04.icache.tagsinuse              579.018083                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu04.icache.total_refs             1037091329                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.sampled_refs                  583                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.avg_refs             1778887.356775                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu04.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.inst    37.976929                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.icache.occ_blocks::cpu04.inst   541.041154                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.inst     0.060860                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::cpu04.inst     0.867053                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::total       0.927914                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.inst     12150003                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      12150003                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.inst     12150003                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_hits::total       12150003                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.inst     12150003                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_hits::total      12150003                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           57                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           57                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           57                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_misses::total           57                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           57                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_misses::total           57                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst    105339107                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    105339107                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst    105339107                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    105339107                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst    105339107                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    105339107                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst     12150060                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     12150060                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst     12150060                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_accesses::total     12150060                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst     12150060                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_accesses::total     12150060                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 1848054.508772                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1848054.508772                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 1848054.508772                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1848054.508772                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 1848054.508772                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1848054.508772                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs        27814                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               1                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs        27814                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu04.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst           17                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           17                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst           17                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           17                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst           17                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           17                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           40                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     78617894                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     78617894                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     78617894                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     78617894                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     78617894                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     78617894                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 1965447.350000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1965447.350000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 1965447.350000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1965447.350000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 1965447.350000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1965447.350000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu04.dcache.replacements                83143                       # number of replacements
system.cpu04.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu04.dcache.total_refs              448780144                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.sampled_refs                83399                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_refs              5381.121404                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.data   111.912422                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu04.data   144.087578                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.data     0.437158                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::cpu04.data     0.562842                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data     31806007                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      31806007                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data     17419070                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total     17419070                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data         8520                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         8520                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data         8498                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         8498                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.data     49225077                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_hits::total       49225077                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.data     49225077                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_hits::total      49225077                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data       304625                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       304625                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data          321                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          321                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.data       304946                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_misses::total       304946                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.data       304946                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_misses::total       304946                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 149191271262                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total 149191271262                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    307327658                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    307327658                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 149498598920                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total 149498598920                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 149498598920                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total 149498598920                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data     32110632                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     32110632                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data     17419391                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     17419391                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data         8520                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         8520                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data         8498                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         8498                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.data     49530023                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_accesses::total     49530023                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.data     49530023                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_accesses::total     49530023                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.009487                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009487                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.000018                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000018                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.006157                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.006157                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.006157                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.006157                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 489753.865448                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 489753.865448                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 957407.034268                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 957407.034268                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 490246.138398                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 490246.138398                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 490246.138398                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 490246.138398                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets      1278570                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked::no_targets             1                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets      1278570                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu04.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu04.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        14333                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu04.dcache.writebacks::total           14333                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data       221561                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       221561                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data          242                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          242                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data       221803                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       221803                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data       221803                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       221803                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data        83064                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        83064                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data           79                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           79                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data        83143                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        83143                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data        83143                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        83143                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data  39299330750                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  39299330750                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data     81031726                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     81031726                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data  39380362476                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  39380362476                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data  39380362476                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  39380362476                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.002587                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002587                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.000005                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.001679                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001679                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.001679                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001679                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 473121.096384                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 473121.096384                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 1025718.050633                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1025718.050633                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 473646.157536                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 473646.157536                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 473646.157536                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 473646.157536                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu05.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu05.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu05.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu05.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu05.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu05.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu05.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu05.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu05.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu05.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu05.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu05.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu05.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu05.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu05.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu05.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu05.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu05.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu05.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu05.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu05.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu05.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu05.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu05.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu05.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu05.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu05.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu05.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu05.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu05.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu05.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu05.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu05.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu05.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu05.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu05.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu05.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu05.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu05.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu05.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu05.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu05.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu05.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu05.icache.tagsinuse              520.021435                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu05.icache.total_refs             1008333339                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.sampled_refs                  521                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.avg_refs             1935380.689060                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu05.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.inst    38.021435                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.icache.occ_blocks::cpu05.inst          482                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.inst     0.060932                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::cpu05.inst     0.772436                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::total       0.833368                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.inst     12770893                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      12770893                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.inst     12770893                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_hits::total       12770893                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.inst     12770893                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_hits::total      12770893                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           53                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           53                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           53                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_misses::total           53                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           53                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_misses::total           53                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst    106653185                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    106653185                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst    106653185                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    106653185                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst    106653185                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    106653185                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst     12770946                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     12770946                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst     12770946                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_accesses::total     12770946                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst     12770946                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_accesses::total     12770946                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 2012324.245283                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 2012324.245283                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 2012324.245283                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 2012324.245283                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 2012324.245283                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 2012324.245283                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu05.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           14                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     80156614                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     80156614                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     80156614                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     80156614                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     80156614                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     80156614                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 2055297.794872                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2055297.794872                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 2055297.794872                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2055297.794872                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 2055297.794872                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2055297.794872                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu05.dcache.replacements                58817                       # number of replacements
system.cpu05.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu05.dcache.total_refs              172753145                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.sampled_refs                59073                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_refs              2924.401080                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.data   233.936863                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu05.data    22.063137                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.data     0.913816                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::cpu05.data     0.086184                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data      9004520                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       9004520                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data      7617682                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      7617682                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data        18575                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        18575                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data        17534                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        17534                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.data     16622202                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_hits::total       16622202                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.data     16622202                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_hits::total      16622202                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data       200667                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       200667                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data         5963                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         5963                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.data       206630                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_misses::total       206630                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.data       206630                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_misses::total       206630                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data  84240020083                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  84240020083                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   3571858484                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   3571858484                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data  87811878567                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  87811878567                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data  87811878567                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  87811878567                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data      9205187                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      9205187                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data      7623645                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      7623645                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data        18575                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        18575                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data        17534                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        17534                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.data     16828832                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_accesses::total     16828832                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.data     16828832                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_accesses::total     16828832                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.021799                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021799                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.000782                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000782                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.012278                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012278                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.012278                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012278                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 419800.067191                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 419800.067191                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 599003.602884                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 599003.602884                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 424971.584799                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 424971.584799                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 424971.584799                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 424971.584799                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets     52583789                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked::no_targets           105                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets 500797.990476                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu05.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu05.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        20829                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu05.dcache.writebacks::total           20829                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data       142017                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       142017                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data         5796                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total         5796                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data       147813                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       147813                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data       147813                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       147813                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data        58650                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        58650                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data          167                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          167                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data        58817                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        58817                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data        58817                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        58817                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data  19979411607                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  19979411607                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data     14056016                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     14056016                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data  19993467623                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  19993467623                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data  19993467623                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  19993467623                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.006371                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006371                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.003495                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003495                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.003495                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003495                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 340654.929361                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 340654.929361                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 84167.760479                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 84167.760479                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 339926.681453                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 339926.681453                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 339926.681453                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 339926.681453                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu06.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu06.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu06.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu06.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu06.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu06.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu06.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu06.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu06.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu06.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu06.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu06.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu06.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu06.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu06.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu06.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu06.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu06.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu06.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu06.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu06.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu06.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu06.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu06.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu06.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu06.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu06.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu06.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu06.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu06.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu06.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu06.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu06.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu06.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu06.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu06.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu06.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu06.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu06.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu06.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu06.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu06.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu06.icache.replacements                    2                       # number of replacements
system.cpu06.icache.tagsinuse              579.090850                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu06.icache.total_refs             1037064094                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.sampled_refs                  583                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.avg_refs             1778840.641509                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu06.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.inst    37.974637                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.icache.occ_blocks::cpu06.inst   541.116213                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.inst     0.060857                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::cpu06.inst     0.867173                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::total       0.928030                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.inst     12122768                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      12122768                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.inst     12122768                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_hits::total       12122768                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.inst     12122768                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_hits::total      12122768                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           59                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           59                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           59                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_misses::total           59                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           59                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_misses::total           59                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst    115471841                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    115471841                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst    115471841                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    115471841                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst    115471841                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    115471841                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst     12122827                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     12122827                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst     12122827                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_accesses::total     12122827                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst     12122827                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_accesses::total     12122827                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1957149.847458                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1957149.847458                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1957149.847458                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1957149.847458                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1957149.847458                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1957149.847458                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       541231                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               2                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs 270615.500000                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu06.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst           19                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           19                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst           19                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           19                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst           19                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           19                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           40                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     77187303                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     77187303                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     77187303                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     77187303                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     77187303                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     77187303                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1929682.575000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1929682.575000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1929682.575000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1929682.575000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1929682.575000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1929682.575000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu06.dcache.replacements                82927                       # number of replacements
system.cpu06.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu06.dcache.total_refs              448680503                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.sampled_refs                83183                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_refs              5393.896626                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.data   111.913401                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu06.data   144.086599                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.data     0.437162                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::cpu06.data     0.562838                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data     31743068                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      31743068                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data     17382410                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total     17382410                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data         8496                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         8496                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data         8480                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         8480                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.data     49125478                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_hits::total       49125478                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.data     49125478                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_hits::total      49125478                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data       304372                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       304372                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data          308                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          308                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.data       304680                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_misses::total       304680                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.data       304680                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_misses::total       304680                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 150436347114                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total 150436347114                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    273308224                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    273308224                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 150709655338                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total 150709655338                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 150709655338                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total 150709655338                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data     32047440                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     32047440                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data     17382718                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     17382718                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data         8496                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         8496                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data         8480                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         8480                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.data     49430158                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_accesses::total     49430158                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.data     49430158                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_accesses::total     49430158                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.009498                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009498                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.000018                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000018                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.006164                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.006164                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.006164                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.006164                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 494251.597105                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 494251.597105                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 887364.363636                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 887364.363636                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 494648.993495                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 494648.993495                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 494648.993495                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 494648.993495                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets       638615                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked::no_targets             1                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets       638615                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu06.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu06.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        14243                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu06.dcache.writebacks::total           14243                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data       221523                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       221523                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data          230                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          230                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data       221753                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       221753                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data       221753                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       221753                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data        82849                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        82849                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data           78                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           78                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data        82927                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        82927                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data        82927                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        82927                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data  39700166943                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  39700166943                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data     72079231                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     72079231                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data  39772246174                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  39772246174                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data  39772246174                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  39772246174                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.002585                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002585                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.001678                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001678                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.001678                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001678                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 479187.038383                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 479187.038383                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 924092.705128                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 924092.705128                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 479605.510557                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 479605.510557                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 479605.510557                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 479605.510557                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu07.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu07.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu07.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu07.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu07.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu07.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu07.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu07.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu07.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu07.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu07.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu07.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu07.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu07.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu07.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu07.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu07.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu07.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu07.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu07.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu07.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu07.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu07.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu07.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu07.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu07.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu07.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu07.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu07.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu07.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu07.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu07.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu07.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu07.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu07.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu07.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu07.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu07.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu07.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu07.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu07.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu07.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu07.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu07.icache.tagsinuse              517.052005                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu07.icache.total_refs             1007732564                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.sampled_refs                  518                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.avg_refs             1945429.660232                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu07.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.inst    42.052005                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.icache.occ_blocks::cpu07.inst          475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.inst     0.067391                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::cpu07.inst     0.761218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::total       0.828609                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.inst     13469462                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      13469462                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.inst     13469462                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_hits::total       13469462                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.inst     13469462                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_hits::total      13469462                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           56                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           56                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           56                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_misses::total           56                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           56                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_misses::total           56                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     76335712                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     76335712                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     76335712                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     76335712                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     76335712                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     76335712                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst     13469518                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     13469518                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst     13469518                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_accesses::total     13469518                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst     13469518                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_accesses::total     13469518                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 1363137.714286                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1363137.714286                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 1363137.714286                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1363137.714286                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 1363137.714286                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1363137.714286                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu07.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst           13                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           43                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           43                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           43                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           43                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           43                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           43                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     59850664                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     59850664                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     59850664                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     59850664                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     59850664                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     59850664                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 1391875.906977                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1391875.906977                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 1391875.906977                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1391875.906977                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 1391875.906977                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1391875.906977                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu07.dcache.replacements                45214                       # number of replacements
system.cpu07.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu07.dcache.total_refs              167332291                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.sampled_refs                45470                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_refs              3680.059182                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.data   233.638303                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu07.data    22.361697                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.data     0.912650                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::cpu07.data     0.087350                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data      9267274                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       9267274                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data      7802851                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      7802851                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data        20496                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        20496                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data        18787                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        18787                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.data     17070125                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_hits::total       17070125                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.data     17070125                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_hits::total      17070125                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data       144752                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       144752                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data          994                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          994                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.data       145746                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_misses::total       145746                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.data       145746                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_misses::total       145746                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data  48592824897                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  48592824897                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data     83992747                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     83992747                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data  48676817644                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  48676817644                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data  48676817644                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  48676817644                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data      9412026                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      9412026                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data      7803845                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      7803845                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data        20496                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        20496                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data        18787                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        18787                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.data     17215871                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_accesses::total     17215871                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.data     17215871                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_accesses::total     17215871                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.015379                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.015379                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.000127                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000127                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.008466                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008466                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.008466                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008466                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 335697.088102                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 335697.088102                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 84499.745473                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 84499.745473                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 333983.901061                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 333983.901061                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 333983.901061                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 333983.901061                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu07.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu07.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        10223                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu07.dcache.writebacks::total           10223                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data        99706                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        99706                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data          826                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          826                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data       100532                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       100532                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data       100532                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       100532                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data        45046                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        45046                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data          168                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          168                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data        45214                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        45214                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data        45214                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        45214                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data  12991772425                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  12991772425                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data     10870923                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     10870923                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data  13002643348                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  13002643348                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data  13002643348                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  13002643348                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.004786                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004786                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.002626                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002626                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.002626                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002626                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 288411.233517                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 288411.233517                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 64707.875000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64707.875000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 287580.027160                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 287580.027160                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 287580.027160                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 287580.027160                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu08.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu08.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu08.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu08.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu08.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu08.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu08.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu08.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu08.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu08.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu08.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu08.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu08.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu08.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu08.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu08.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu08.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu08.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu08.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu08.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu08.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu08.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu08.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu08.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu08.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu08.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu08.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu08.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu08.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu08.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu08.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu08.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu08.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu08.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu08.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu08.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu08.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu08.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu08.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu08.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu08.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu08.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu08.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu08.icache.tagsinuse              527.589349                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu08.icache.total_refs             1012418808                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.sampled_refs                  529                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.avg_refs             1913835.175803                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu08.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.inst    37.589349                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.icache.occ_blocks::cpu08.inst          490                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.inst     0.060239                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::cpu08.inst     0.785256                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::total       0.845496                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.inst     12410759                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      12410759                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.inst     12410759                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_hits::total       12410759                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.inst     12410759                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_hits::total      12410759                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           60                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           60                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           60                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_misses::total           60                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           60                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_misses::total           60                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst    105503758                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    105503758                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst    105503758                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    105503758                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst    105503758                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    105503758                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst     12410819                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     12410819                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst     12410819                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_accesses::total     12410819                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst     12410819                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_accesses::total     12410819                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1758395.966667                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1758395.966667                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1758395.966667                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1758395.966667                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1758395.966667                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1758395.966667                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu08.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst           21                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           21                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst           21                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           21                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst           21                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           21                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     69392635                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     69392635                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     69392635                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     69392635                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     69392635                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     69392635                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1779298.333333                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1779298.333333                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1779298.333333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1779298.333333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1779298.333333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1779298.333333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu08.dcache.replacements                73155                       # number of replacements
system.cpu08.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu08.dcache.total_refs              180729334                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.sampled_refs                73411                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_refs              2461.883560                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.data   234.177807                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu08.data    21.822193                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.data     0.914757                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::cpu08.data     0.085243                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data      8594237                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       8594237                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data      7120440                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      7120440                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data        20542                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        20542                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data        16613                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        16613                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.data     15714677                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_hits::total       15714677                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.data     15714677                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_hits::total      15714677                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data       191224                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       191224                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data          979                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          979                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.data       192203                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_misses::total       192203                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.data       192203                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_misses::total       192203                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data  83591645725                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  83591645725                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    374967083                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    374967083                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data  83966612808                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  83966612808                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data  83966612808                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  83966612808                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data      8785461                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      8785461                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data      7121419                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      7121419                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data        20542                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        20542                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data        16613                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        16613                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.data     15906880                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_accesses::total     15906880                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.data     15906880                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_accesses::total     15906880                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.021766                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021766                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.000137                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000137                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.012083                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012083                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.012083                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012083                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 437139.928696                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 437139.928696                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 383010.299285                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 383010.299285                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 436864.215481                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 436864.215481                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 436864.215481                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 436864.215481                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets       967741                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked::no_targets             2                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets 483870.500000                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu08.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu08.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         8493                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu08.dcache.writebacks::total            8493                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data       118206                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       118206                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data          841                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          841                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data       119047                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       119047                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data       119047                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       119047                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data        73018                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        73018                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data          138                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          138                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data        73156                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        73156                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data        73156                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        73156                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data  32691461297                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  32691461297                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data     34429889                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     34429889                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data  32725891186                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  32725891186                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data  32725891186                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  32725891186                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.008311                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.008311                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.000019                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000019                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.004599                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004599                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.004599                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004599                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 447717.840765                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 447717.840765                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 249491.949275                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 249491.949275                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 447343.911450                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 447343.911450                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 447343.911450                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 447343.911450                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu09.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu09.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu09.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu09.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu09.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu09.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu09.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu09.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu09.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu09.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu09.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu09.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu09.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu09.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu09.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu09.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu09.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu09.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu09.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu09.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu09.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu09.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu09.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu09.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu09.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu09.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu09.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu09.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu09.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu09.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu09.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu09.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu09.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu09.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu09.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu09.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu09.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu09.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu09.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu09.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu09.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu09.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu09.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu09.icache.tagsinuse              528.172807                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu09.icache.total_refs             1012383967                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.sampled_refs                  529                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.avg_refs             1913769.313800                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu09.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.inst    38.172807                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.icache.occ_blocks::cpu09.inst          490                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.inst     0.061174                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::cpu09.inst     0.785256                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::total       0.846431                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.inst     12375918                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      12375918                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.inst     12375918                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_hits::total       12375918                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.inst     12375918                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_hits::total      12375918                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           65                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           65                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           65                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_misses::total           65                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           65                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_misses::total           65                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst    164909147                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    164909147                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst    164909147                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    164909147                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst    164909147                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    164909147                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst     12375983                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     12375983                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst     12375983                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_accesses::total     12375983                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst     12375983                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_accesses::total     12375983                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 2537063.800000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 2537063.800000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 2537063.800000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 2537063.800000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 2537063.800000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 2537063.800000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       743970                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               1                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       743970                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu09.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst           26                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           26                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst           26                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           26                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst           26                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           26                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst    101179030                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    101179030                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst    101179030                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    101179030                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst    101179030                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    101179030                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 2594334.102564                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2594334.102564                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 2594334.102564                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2594334.102564                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 2594334.102564                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2594334.102564                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu09.dcache.replacements                73080                       # number of replacements
system.cpu09.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu09.dcache.total_refs              180698503                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.sampled_refs                73336                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_refs              2463.980896                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.data   234.183788                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu09.data    21.816212                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.data     0.914780                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::cpu09.data     0.085220                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data      8578154                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       8578154                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data      7105849                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      7105849                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data        20415                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        20415                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data        16583                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        16583                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.data     15684003                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_hits::total       15684003                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.data     15684003                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_hits::total      15684003                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data       190171                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       190171                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data          979                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          979                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.data       191150                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_misses::total       191150                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.data       191150                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_misses::total       191150                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data  83850748125                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  83850748125                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    406244725                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    406244725                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data  84256992850                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  84256992850                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data  84256992850                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  84256992850                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data      8768325                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      8768325                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data      7106828                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      7106828                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data        20415                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        20415                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data        16583                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        16583                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.data     15875153                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_accesses::total     15875153                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.data     15875153                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_accesses::total     15875153                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.021688                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021688                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.000138                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000138                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.012041                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012041                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.012041                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012041                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 440922.896367                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 440922.896367                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 414958.861083                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 414958.861083                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 440789.918127                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 440789.918127                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 440789.918127                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 440789.918127                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu09.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu09.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         8472                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu09.dcache.writebacks::total            8472                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data       117228                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       117228                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data          841                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          841                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data       118069                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       118069                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data       118069                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       118069                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data        72943                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        72943                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data          138                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          138                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data        73081                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        73081                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data        73081                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        73081                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data  33197511109                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  33197511109                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data     38697327                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     38697327                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data  33236208436                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  33236208436                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data  33236208436                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  33236208436                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.008319                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.008319                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.000019                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000019                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.004603                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004603                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.004603                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004603                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 455115.790535                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 455115.790535                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 280415.413043                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 280415.413043                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 454785.901069                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 454785.901069                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 454785.901069                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 454785.901069                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu10.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu10.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu10.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu10.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu10.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu10.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu10.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu10.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu10.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu10.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu10.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu10.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu10.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu10.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu10.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu10.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu10.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu10.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu10.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu10.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu10.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu10.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu10.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu10.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu10.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu10.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu10.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu10.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu10.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu10.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu10.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu10.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu10.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu10.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu10.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu10.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu10.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu10.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu10.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu10.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu10.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu10.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu10.icache.replacements                    3                       # number of replacements
system.cpu10.icache.tagsinuse              579.055231                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu10.icache.total_refs             1037096242                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.sampled_refs                  584                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.avg_refs             1775849.729452                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu10.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.inst    38.880952                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.icache.occ_blocks::cpu10.inst   540.174279                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.inst     0.062309                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::cpu10.inst     0.865664                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::total       0.927973                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.inst     12154916                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      12154916                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.inst     12154916                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_hits::total       12154916                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.inst     12154916                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_hits::total      12154916                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           57                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           57                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           57                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_misses::total           57                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           57                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_misses::total           57                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst    105084715                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    105084715                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst    105084715                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    105084715                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst    105084715                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    105084715                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst     12154973                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     12154973                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst     12154973                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_accesses::total     12154973                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst     12154973                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_accesses::total     12154973                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1843591.491228                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1843591.491228                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1843591.491228                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1843591.491228                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1843591.491228                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1843591.491228                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       619032                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               1                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       619032                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu10.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst           16                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           16                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst           16                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           16                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst           16                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           16                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           41                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           41                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           41                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           41                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     80453459                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     80453459                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     80453459                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     80453459                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     80453459                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     80453459                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1962279.487805                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1962279.487805                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1962279.487805                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1962279.487805                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1962279.487805                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1962279.487805                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu10.dcache.replacements                83093                       # number of replacements
system.cpu10.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu10.dcache.total_refs              448810877                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.sampled_refs                83349                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_refs              5384.718197                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.data   111.912764                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu10.data   144.087236                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.data     0.437159                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::cpu10.data     0.562841                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data     31827540                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      31827540                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data     17428262                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total     17428262                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data         8524                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         8524                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data         8502                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         8502                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.data     49255802                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_hits::total       49255802                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.data     49255802                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_hits::total      49255802                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data       304470                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       304470                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data          315                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          315                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.data       304785                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_misses::total       304785                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.data       304785                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_misses::total       304785                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 148546207662                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total 148546207662                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    336227684                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    336227684                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 148882435346                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total 148882435346                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 148882435346                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total 148882435346                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data     32132010                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     32132010                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data     17428577                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     17428577                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data         8524                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         8524                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data         8502                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         8502                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.data     49560587                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_accesses::total     49560587                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.data     49560587                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_accesses::total     49560587                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.009476                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009476                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.000018                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000018                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.006150                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.006150                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.006150                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.006150                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 487884.545807                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 487884.545807                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 1067389.473016                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1067389.473016                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 488483.473091                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 488483.473091                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 488483.473091                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 488483.473091                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets      1891654                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked::no_targets             1                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets      1891654                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu10.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu10.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        14268                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu10.dcache.writebacks::total           14268                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data       221456                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       221456                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data          236                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          236                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data       221692                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       221692                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data       221692                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       221692                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data        83014                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        83014                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data           79                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           79                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data        83093                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        83093                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data        83093                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        83093                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data  39155605082                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  39155605082                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data     85585141                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     85585141                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data  39241190223                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  39241190223                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data  39241190223                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  39241190223                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.002584                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002584                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.000005                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.001677                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001677                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.001677                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001677                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 471674.718505                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 471674.718505                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 1083356.215190                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1083356.215190                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 472256.269758                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 472256.269758                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 472256.269758                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 472256.269758                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu11.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu11.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu11.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu11.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu11.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu11.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu11.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu11.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu11.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu11.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu11.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu11.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu11.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu11.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu11.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu11.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu11.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu11.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu11.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu11.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu11.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu11.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu11.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu11.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu11.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu11.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu11.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu11.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu11.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu11.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu11.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu11.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu11.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu11.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu11.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu11.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu11.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu11.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu11.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu11.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu11.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu11.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu11.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu11.icache.tagsinuse              492.491918                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu11.icache.total_refs             1011206231                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.sampled_refs                  494                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.avg_refs             2046976.176113                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu11.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.inst    37.491918                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.icache.occ_blocks::cpu11.inst          455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.inst     0.060083                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::cpu11.inst     0.729167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::total       0.789250                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.inst     13843711                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      13843711                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.inst     13843711                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_hits::total       13843711                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.inst     13843711                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_hits::total      13843711                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           55                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           55                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           55                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_misses::total           55                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           55                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_misses::total           55                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst    159147576                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    159147576                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst    159147576                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    159147576                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst    159147576                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    159147576                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst     13843766                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     13843766                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst     13843766                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_accesses::total     13843766                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst     13843766                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_accesses::total     13843766                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 2893592.290909                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 2893592.290909                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 2893592.290909                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 2893592.290909                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 2893592.290909                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 2893592.290909                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs      3370962                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               3                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs      1123654                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu11.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst           16                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           16                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst           16                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           16                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst           16                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           16                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst    102910343                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    102910343                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst    102910343                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    102910343                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst    102910343                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    102910343                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 2638726.743590                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2638726.743590                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 2638726.743590                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2638726.743590                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 2638726.743590                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2638726.743590                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu11.dcache.replacements                40905                       # number of replacements
system.cpu11.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu11.dcache.total_refs              165655802                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.sampled_refs                41161                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_refs              4024.581570                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.data   233.331670                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu11.data    22.668330                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.data     0.911452                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::cpu11.data     0.088548                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data     11045695                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      11045695                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data      8205360                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      8205360                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data        21455                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        21455                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data        19956                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        19956                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.data     19251055                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_hits::total       19251055                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.data     19251055                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_hits::total      19251055                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data       105440                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       105440                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data         2391                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         2391                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.data       107831                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_misses::total       107831                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.data       107831                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_misses::total       107831                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data  23674413505                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  23674413505                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    154320904                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    154320904                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data  23828734409                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  23828734409                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data  23828734409                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  23828734409                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data     11151135                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     11151135                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data      8207751                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      8207751                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data        21455                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        21455                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data        19956                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        19956                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.data     19358886                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_accesses::total     19358886                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.data     19358886                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_accesses::total     19358886                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.009456                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009456                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.000291                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000291                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.005570                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005570                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.005570                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005570                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 224529.718371                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 224529.718371                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 64542.410707                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 64542.410707                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 220982.225974                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 220982.225974                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 220982.225974                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 220982.225974                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            2                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked::no_targets             1                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets            2                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu11.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu11.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         9723                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu11.dcache.writebacks::total            9723                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data        64770                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        64770                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data         2156                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total         2156                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data        66926                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        66926                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data        66926                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        66926                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data        40670                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        40670                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data          235                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          235                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data        40905                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        40905                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data        40905                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        40905                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   9890235947                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   9890235947                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data     17103210                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     17103210                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   9907339157                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   9907339157                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   9907339157                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   9907339157                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.003647                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003647                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.002113                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002113                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.002113                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002113                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 243182.590288                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 243182.590288                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 72779.617021                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 72779.617021                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 242203.621978                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 242203.621978                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 242203.621978                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 242203.621978                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu12.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu12.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu12.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu12.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu12.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu12.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu12.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu12.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu12.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu12.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu12.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu12.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu12.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu12.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu12.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu12.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu12.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu12.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu12.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu12.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu12.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu12.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu12.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu12.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu12.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu12.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu12.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu12.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu12.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu12.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu12.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu12.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu12.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu12.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu12.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu12.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu12.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu12.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu12.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu12.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu12.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu12.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu12.icache.replacements                    2                       # number of replacements
system.cpu12.icache.tagsinuse              559.314807                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu12.icache.total_refs              926747627                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.sampled_refs                  562                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.avg_refs             1649017.129893                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu12.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.inst    34.142466                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.icache.occ_blocks::cpu12.inst   525.172340                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.inst     0.054715                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::cpu12.inst     0.841622                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::total       0.896338                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.inst     12929080                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      12929080                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.inst     12929080                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_hits::total       12929080                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.inst     12929080                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_hits::total      12929080                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           51                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           51                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           51                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_misses::total           51                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           51                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_misses::total           51                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     97727583                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     97727583                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     97727583                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     97727583                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     97727583                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     97727583                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst     12929131                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     12929131                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst     12929131                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_accesses::total     12929131                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst     12929131                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_accesses::total     12929131                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 1916227.117647                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1916227.117647                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 1916227.117647                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1916227.117647                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 1916227.117647                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1916227.117647                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu12.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst           16                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           16                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst           16                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           16                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst           16                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           16                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     73602505                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     73602505                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     73602505                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     73602505                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     73602505                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     73602505                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 2102928.714286                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2102928.714286                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 2102928.714286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2102928.714286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 2102928.714286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2102928.714286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu12.dcache.replacements                58014                       # number of replacements
system.cpu12.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu12.dcache.total_refs              224784725                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.sampled_refs                58270                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_refs              3857.640724                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.data   201.873474                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu12.data    54.126526                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.data     0.788568                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::cpu12.data     0.211432                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data     19015656                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      19015656                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data      3649481                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      3649481                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data         8636                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         8636                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data         8565                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         8565                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.data     22665137                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_hits::total       22665137                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.data     22665137                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_hits::total      22665137                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data       204923                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       204923                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data          333                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          333                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.data       205256                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_misses::total       205256                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.data       205256                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_misses::total       205256                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data  93403655615                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  93403655615                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data     28696418                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     28696418                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data  93432352033                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  93432352033                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data  93432352033                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  93432352033                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data     19220579                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     19220579                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data      3649814                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      3649814                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data         8636                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         8636                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data         8565                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         8565                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.data     22870393                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_accesses::total     22870393                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.data     22870393                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_accesses::total     22870393                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.010662                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010662                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.000091                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000091                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.008975                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008975                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.008975                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008975                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 455798.790839                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 455798.790839                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 86175.429429                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 86175.429429                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 455199.127105                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 455199.127105                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 455199.127105                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 455199.127105                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu12.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu12.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         6791                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu12.dcache.writebacks::total            6791                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data       146985                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       146985                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data          257                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          257                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data       147242                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       147242                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data       147242                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       147242                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data        57938                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        57938                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data           76                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           76                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data        58014                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        58014                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data        58014                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        58014                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data  18897605538                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  18897605538                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data      4928528                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      4928528                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data  18902534066                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  18902534066                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data  18902534066                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  18902534066                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.003014                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003014                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.002537                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002537                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.002537                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002537                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 326169.449032                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 326169.449032                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 64849.052632                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64849.052632                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 325827.111835                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 325827.111835                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 325827.111835                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 325827.111835                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu13.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu13.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu13.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu13.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu13.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu13.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu13.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu13.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu13.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu13.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu13.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu13.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu13.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu13.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu13.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu13.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu13.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu13.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu13.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu13.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu13.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu13.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu13.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu13.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu13.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu13.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu13.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu13.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu13.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu13.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu13.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu13.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu13.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu13.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu13.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu13.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu13.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu13.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu13.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu13.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu13.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu13.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu13.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu13.icache.tagsinuse              490.639976                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu13.icache.total_refs             1011212074                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.sampled_refs                  492                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.avg_refs             2055309.093496                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu13.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.inst    35.639976                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.icache.occ_blocks::cpu13.inst          455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.inst     0.057115                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::cpu13.inst     0.729167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::total       0.786282                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.inst     13849554                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      13849554                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.inst     13849554                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_hits::total       13849554                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.inst     13849554                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_hits::total      13849554                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           49                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           49                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           49                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_misses::total           49                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           49                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_misses::total           49                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst    147441164                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    147441164                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst    147441164                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    147441164                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst    147441164                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    147441164                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst     13849603                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     13849603                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst     13849603                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_accesses::total     13849603                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst     13849603                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_accesses::total     13849603                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 3009003.346939                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 3009003.346939                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 3009003.346939                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 3009003.346939                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 3009003.346939                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 3009003.346939                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs      2726576                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               3                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs 908858.666667                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu13.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst           12                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst           12                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst           12                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     96359128                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     96359128                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     96359128                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     96359128                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     96359128                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     96359128                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 2604300.756757                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2604300.756757                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 2604300.756757                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2604300.756757                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 2604300.756757                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2604300.756757                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu13.dcache.replacements                40903                       # number of replacements
system.cpu13.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu13.dcache.total_refs              165655055                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.sampled_refs                41159                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_refs              4024.758983                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.data   233.337069                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu13.data    22.662931                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.data     0.911473                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::cpu13.data     0.088527                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data     11045103                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      11045103                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data      8205436                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      8205436                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data        21224                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        21224                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data        19956                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        19956                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.data     19250539                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_hits::total       19250539                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.data     19250539                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_hits::total      19250539                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data       105272                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       105272                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data         2458                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         2458                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.data       107730                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_misses::total       107730                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.data       107730                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_misses::total       107730                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data  23605041242                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  23605041242                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    157588864                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    157588864                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data  23762630106                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  23762630106                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data  23762630106                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  23762630106                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data     11150375                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     11150375                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data      8207894                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      8207894                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data        21224                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        21224                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data        19956                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        19956                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.data     19358269                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_accesses::total     19358269                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.data     19358269                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_accesses::total     19358269                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.009441                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009441                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.000299                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000299                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.005565                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005565                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.005565                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005565                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 224229.056558                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 224229.056558                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 64112.637917                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 64112.637917                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 220575.792314                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 220575.792314                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 220575.792314                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 220575.792314                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets           37                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked::no_targets             3                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets    12.333333                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu13.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu13.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         9722                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu13.dcache.writebacks::total            9722                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data        64607                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        64607                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data         2220                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total         2220                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data        66827                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        66827                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data        66827                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        66827                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data        40665                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        40665                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data          238                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          238                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data        40903                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        40903                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data        40903                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        40903                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   9825941328                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   9825941328                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data     17370673                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     17370673                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   9843312001                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   9843312001                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   9843312001                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   9843312001                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.003647                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003647                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.002113                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002113                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.002113                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002113                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 241631.410992                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 241631.410992                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 72986.021008                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 72986.021008                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 240650.123487                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 240650.123487                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 240650.123487                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 240650.123487                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu14.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu14.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu14.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu14.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu14.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu14.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu14.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu14.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu14.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu14.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu14.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu14.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu14.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu14.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu14.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu14.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu14.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu14.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu14.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu14.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu14.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu14.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu14.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu14.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu14.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu14.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu14.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu14.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu14.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu14.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu14.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu14.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu14.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu14.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu14.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu14.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu14.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu14.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu14.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu14.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu14.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu14.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu14.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu14.icache.tagsinuse              529.774677                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu14.icache.total_refs             1012406140                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.sampled_refs                  531                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.avg_refs             1906602.900188                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu14.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.inst    39.774677                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.icache.occ_blocks::cpu14.inst          490                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.inst     0.063741                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::cpu14.inst     0.785256                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::total       0.848998                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.inst     12398091                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      12398091                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.inst     12398091                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_hits::total       12398091                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.inst     12398091                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_hits::total      12398091                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           64                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           64                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           64                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_misses::total           64                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           64                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_misses::total           64                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst    131336987                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    131336987                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst    131336987                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    131336987                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst    131336987                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    131336987                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst     12398155                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     12398155                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst     12398155                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_accesses::total     12398155                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst     12398155                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_accesses::total     12398155                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 2052140.421875                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 2052140.421875                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 2052140.421875                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 2052140.421875                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 2052140.421875                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 2052140.421875                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu14.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst           23                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           23                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst           23                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           23                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst           23                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           23                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           41                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           41                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           41                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           41                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     81521467                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     81521467                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     81521467                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     81521467                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     81521467                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     81521467                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1988328.463415                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1988328.463415                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1988328.463415                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1988328.463415                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1988328.463415                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1988328.463415                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu14.dcache.replacements                73115                       # number of replacements
system.cpu14.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu14.dcache.total_refs              180715435                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.sampled_refs                73371                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_refs              2463.036281                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.data   234.181460                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu14.data    21.818540                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.data     0.914771                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::cpu14.data     0.085229                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data      8586750                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       8586750                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data      7114137                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      7114137                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data        20447                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        20447                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data        16599                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        16599                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.data     15700887                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_hits::total       15700887                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.data     15700887                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_hits::total      15700887                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data       190364                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       190364                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data         1003                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         1003                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.data       191367                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_misses::total       191367                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.data       191367                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_misses::total       191367                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data  83471904202                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  83471904202                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    370660419                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    370660419                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data  83842564621                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  83842564621                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data  83842564621                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  83842564621                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data      8777114                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      8777114                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data      7115140                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      7115140                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data        20447                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        20447                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data        16599                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        16599                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.data     15892254                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_accesses::total     15892254                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.data     15892254                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_accesses::total     15892254                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.021689                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021689                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.000141                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000141                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.012042                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012042                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.012042                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012042                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 438485.765176                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 438485.765176                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 369551.763709                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 369551.763709                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 438124.465665                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 438124.465665                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 438124.465665                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 438124.465665                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets       469345                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked::no_targets             3                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets 156448.333333                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu14.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu14.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         8482                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu14.dcache.writebacks::total            8482                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data       117387                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       117387                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data          865                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          865                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data       118252                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       118252                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data       118252                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       118252                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data        72977                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        72977                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data          138                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          138                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data        73115                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        73115                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data        73115                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        73115                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data  32979364200                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  32979364200                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data     33584486                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     33584486                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data  33012948686                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  33012948686                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data  33012948686                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  33012948686                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.008314                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.008314                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.000019                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000019                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.004601                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004601                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.004601                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004601                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 451914.496348                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 451914.496348                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 243365.840580                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 243365.840580                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 451520.873774                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 451520.873774                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 451520.873774                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 451520.873774                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu15.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu15.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu15.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu15.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu15.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu15.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu15.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu15.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu15.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu15.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu15.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu15.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu15.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu15.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu15.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu15.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu15.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu15.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu15.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu15.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu15.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu15.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu15.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu15.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu15.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu15.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu15.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu15.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu15.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu15.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu15.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu15.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu15.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu15.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu15.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu15.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu15.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu15.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu15.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu15.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu15.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu15.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu15.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu15.icache.tagsinuse              519.364743                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu15.icache.total_refs             1008325382                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.sampled_refs                  521                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.avg_refs             1935365.416507                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu15.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.inst    37.364743                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.icache.occ_blocks::cpu15.inst          482                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.inst     0.059879                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::cpu15.inst     0.772436                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::total       0.832315                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.inst     12762936                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      12762936                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.inst     12762936                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_hits::total       12762936                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.inst     12762936                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_hits::total      12762936                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           54                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           54                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           54                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_misses::total           54                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           54                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_misses::total           54                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst    104601997                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    104601997                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst    104601997                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    104601997                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst    104601997                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    104601997                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst     12762990                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     12762990                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst     12762990                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_accesses::total     12762990                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst     12762990                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_accesses::total     12762990                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 1937074.018519                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1937074.018519                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 1937074.018519                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1937074.018519                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 1937074.018519                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1937074.018519                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu15.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst           15                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           15                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst           15                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           15                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst           15                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           15                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     79714441                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     79714441                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     79714441                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     79714441                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     79714441                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     79714441                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 2043960.025641                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2043960.025641                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 2043960.025641                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2043960.025641                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 2043960.025641                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2043960.025641                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu15.dcache.replacements                58817                       # number of replacements
system.cpu15.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu15.dcache.total_refs              172744888                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.sampled_refs                59073                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_refs              2924.261304                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.data   233.935558                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu15.data    22.064442                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.data     0.913811                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::cpu15.data     0.086189                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data      8998165                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       8998165                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data      7615758                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      7615758                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data        18601                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        18601                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data        17530                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        17530                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.data     16613923                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_hits::total       16613923                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.data     16613923                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_hits::total      16613923                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data       200710                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       200710                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data         5920                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         5920                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.data       206630                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_misses::total       206630                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.data       206630                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_misses::total       206630                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data  84369462122                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  84369462122                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   3684490144                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   3684490144                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data  88053952266                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  88053952266                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data  88053952266                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  88053952266                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data      9198875                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      9198875                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data      7621678                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      7621678                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data        18601                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        18601                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data        17530                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        17530                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.data     16820553                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_accesses::total     16820553                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.data     16820553                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_accesses::total     16820553                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.021819                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021819                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.000777                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000777                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.012284                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012284                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.012284                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012284                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 420355.050182                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 420355.050182                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 622380.091892                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 622380.091892                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 426143.117001                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 426143.117001                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 426143.117001                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 426143.117001                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets     48514237                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked::no_targets            99                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets 490042.797980                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu15.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu15.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        20817                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu15.dcache.writebacks::total           20817                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data       142062                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       142062                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data         5751                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total         5751                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data       147813                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       147813                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data       147813                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       147813                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data        58648                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        58648                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data          169                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          169                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data        58817                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        58817                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data        58817                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        58817                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data  19983699321                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  19983699321                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data     14638211                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     14638211                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data  19998337532                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  19998337532                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data  19998337532                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  19998337532                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.006376                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006376                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.003497                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003497                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.003497                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003497                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 340739.655589                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 340739.655589                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 86616.633136                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 86616.633136                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 340009.479096                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 340009.479096                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 340009.479096                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 340009.479096                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
