
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.104556                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                104555815707                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               632331192252                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 325181                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   409619                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                                1928406                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                               67607064                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                 54218.78                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                 17630916077                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                   22209064399                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus00.inst         4992                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus00.data      1729792                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus01.inst         4608                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus01.data      1354880                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus02.inst         5376                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus02.data      3986688                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus03.inst         5120                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus03.data      1806848                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus04.inst         4352                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus04.data      2427776                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus05.inst         4736                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus05.data      2499200                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus06.inst         4992                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus06.data      4032512                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus07.inst         4992                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus07.data      1396992                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus08.inst         5248                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus08.data      3663360                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus09.inst         4992                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus09.data      3653504                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus10.inst         4608                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus10.data      1403392                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus11.inst         4736                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus11.data      2478848                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus12.inst         4992                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus12.data      3681024                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus13.inst         4608                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus13.data      1396736                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus14.inst         5120                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus14.data      1772544                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus15.inst         4992                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus15.data      3688064                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::total             41050624                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus00.inst         4992                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus01.inst         4608                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus02.inst         5376                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus03.inst         5120                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus04.inst         4352                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus05.inst         4736                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus06.inst         4992                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus07.inst         4992                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus08.inst         5248                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus09.inst         4992                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus10.inst         4608                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus11.inst         4736                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus12.inst         4992                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus13.inst         4608                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus14.inst         5120                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus15.inst         4992                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total           78464                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks     11506048                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::total          11506048                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus00.inst           39                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus00.data        13514                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus01.inst           36                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus01.data        10585                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus02.inst           42                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus02.data        31146                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus03.inst           40                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus03.data        14116                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus04.inst           34                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus04.data        18967                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus05.inst           37                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus05.data        19525                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus06.inst           39                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus06.data        31504                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus07.inst           39                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus07.data        10914                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus08.inst           41                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus08.data        28620                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus09.inst           39                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus09.data        28543                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus10.inst           36                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus10.data        10964                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus11.inst           37                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus11.data        19366                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus12.inst           39                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus12.data        28758                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus13.inst           36                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus13.data        10912                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus14.inst           40                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus14.data        13848                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus15.inst           39                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus15.data        28813                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::total                320708                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::writebacks           89891                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::functional               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::interrupt                0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::total                89891                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus00.inst        47745                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus00.data     16544197                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus01.inst        44072                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus01.data     12958437                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus02.inst        51418                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus02.data     38129758                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus03.inst        48969                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus03.data     17281181                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus04.inst        41624                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus04.data     23219904                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus05.inst        45296                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus05.data     23903022                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus06.inst        47745                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus06.data     38568032                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus07.inst        47745                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus07.data     13361208                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus08.inst        50193                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus08.data     35037362                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus09.inst        47745                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus09.data     34943097                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus10.inst        44072                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus10.data     13422419                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus11.inst        45296                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus11.data     23708370                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus12.inst        47745                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus12.data     35206306                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus13.inst        44072                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus13.data     13358760                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus14.inst        48969                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus14.data     16953089                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus15.inst        47745                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus15.data     35273638                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::total               392619231                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus00.inst        47745                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus01.inst        44072                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus02.inst        51418                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus03.inst        48969                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus04.inst        41624                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus05.inst        45296                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus06.inst        47745                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus07.inst        47745                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus08.inst        50193                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus09.inst        47745                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus10.inst        44072                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus11.inst        45296                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus12.inst        47745                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus13.inst        44072                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus14.inst        48969                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus15.inst        47745                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::total             750451                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::writebacks         110046944                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::total              110046944                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::writebacks         110046944                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus00.inst        47745                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus00.data     16544197                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus01.inst        44072                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus01.data     12958437                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus02.inst        51418                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus02.data     38129758                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus03.inst        48969                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus03.data     17281181                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus04.inst        41624                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus04.data     23219904                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus05.inst        45296                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus05.data     23903022                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus06.inst        47745                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus06.data     38568032                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus07.inst        47745                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus07.data     13361208                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus08.inst        50193                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus08.data     35037362                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus09.inst        47745                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus09.data     34943097                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus10.inst        44072                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus10.data     13422419                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus11.inst        45296                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus11.data     23708370                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus12.inst        47745                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus12.data     35206306                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus13.inst        44072                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus13.data     13358760                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus14.inst        48969                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus14.data     16953089                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus15.inst        47745                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus15.data     35273638                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::total              502666175                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus00.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus00.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.workload.num_syscalls                 53                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus00.numCycles              250733372                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus00.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus00.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.lookups       20644940                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.condPredicted     16892168                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      2024479                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      8659305                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBHits        8138896                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.usedRAS        2136165                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        92333                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.icacheStallCycles    199164066                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Insts            115391465                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Branches          20644940                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.predictedBranches     10275061                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Cycles            24101100                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.SquashCycles       5502524                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.BlockedCycles      4720373                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.CacheLines        12184387                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.IcacheSquashes      2025887                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::samples    231437344                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.612407                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.954018                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::0      207336244     89.59%     89.59% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::1        1125316      0.49%     90.07% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::2        1786880      0.77%     90.84% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::3        2420108      1.05%     91.89% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::4        2490068      1.08%     92.97% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::5        2102930      0.91%     93.87% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::6        1176020      0.51%     94.38% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::7        1754720      0.76%     95.14% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::8       11245058      4.86%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::total    231437344                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.branchRate        0.082338                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rate              0.460216                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.decode.IdleCycles      197142340                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BlockedCycles      6759147                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus00.decode.RunCycles        24058153                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus00.decode.UnblockCycles        26271                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.decode.SquashCycles      3451428                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BranchResolved      3397831                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BranchMispred          378                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus00.decode.DecodedInsts    141627490                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus00.decode.SquashedInsts         1977                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus00.rename.SquashCycles      3451428                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.rename.IdleCycles      197679968                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus00.rename.BlockCycles       1392219                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus00.rename.serializeStallCycles      4130355                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RunCycles        23553599                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus00.rename.UnblockCycles      1229770                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenamedInsts    141578345                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus00.rename.ROBFullEvents          170                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.IQFullEvents       168243                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.LSQFullEvents       535994                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenamedOperands    197573261                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenameLookups    658598258                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus00.rename.int_rename_lookups    658598258                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus00.rename.CommittedMaps    171545509                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.UndoneMaps       26027726                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus00.rename.serializingInsts        35553                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.tempSerializingInsts        18689                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.skidInsts         3680027                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.insertedLoads     13266482                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.insertedStores      7184477                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.conflictingLoads        84580                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.conflictingStores      1677698                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqInstsAdded        141418859                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        35677                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqInstsIssued       134428634                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        18321                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     15444096                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     36780637                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         1669                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    231437344                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.580842                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.271918                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    174549144     75.42%     75.42% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     23395729     10.11%     85.53% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     11854091      5.12%     90.65% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      8935507      3.86%     94.51% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      7021879      3.03%     97.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      2834230      1.22%     98.77% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      1791823      0.77%     99.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       930930      0.40%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       124011      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    231437344                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         25070     11.23%     11.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::MemRead        81852     36.67%     47.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       116316     52.10%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    113065573     84.11%     84.11% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      2001080      1.49%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        16862      0.01%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     12183601      9.06%     94.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      7161518      5.33%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::total    134428634                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.rate                 0.536142                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_busy_cnt            223238                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001661                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    500536169                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    156899172                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    132400718                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_alu_accesses    134651872                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       272359                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2122201                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          143                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          541                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        94874                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewSquashCycles      3451428                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewBlockCycles       1113423                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewUnblockCycles       119784                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    141454679                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        23921                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     13266482                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      7184477                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        18691                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewIQFullEvents       101234                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           14                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus00.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          541                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus00.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1182375                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus00.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1131976                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus00.iew.branchMispredicts      2314351                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecutedInsts    132560333                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     11462415                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1868299                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_nop                 143                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_refs           18623657                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_branches       18843293                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_stores          7161242                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_rate           0.528690                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_sent            132400945                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_count           132400718                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_producers        76001995                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_consumers       204789676                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_rate             0.528054                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_fanout           0.371122                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitCommittedInsts    100000006                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitCommittedOps    123048947                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitSquashedInsts     18405750                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        34008                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus00.commit.branchMispredicts      2049980                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    227985916                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.539722                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.388799                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    177528593     77.87%     77.87% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     25000574     10.97%     88.83% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      9453838      4.15%     92.98% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      4500080      1.97%     94.95% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      3790056      1.66%     96.62% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      2178840      0.96%     97.57% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1912194      0.84%     98.41% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       861059      0.38%     98.79% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2760682      1.21%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    227985916                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committedInsts    100000006                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committedOps    123048947                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.refs             18233884                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.loads            11144281                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.membars             16966                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.branches         17743911                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.int_insts       110865559                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.function_calls      2533833                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.bw_lim_events      2760682                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus00.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus00.rob.rob_reads          366679242                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus00.rob.rob_writes         286360883                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus00.timesIdled               3019919                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus00.idleCycles              19296028                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus00.committedInsts         100000006                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.committedOps           123048947                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.committedInsts_total    100000006                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.cpi                     2.507334                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus00.cpi_total               2.507334                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus00.ipc                     0.398830                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus00.ipc_total               0.398830                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus00.int_regfile_reads      596639475                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus00.int_regfile_writes     184439579                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus00.misc_regfile_reads     131279995                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus00.misc_regfile_writes        33978                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus01.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus01.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.workload.num_syscalls                 55                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus01.numCycles              250733372                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus01.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus01.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.lookups       22699859                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.condPredicted     18902445                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      2065497                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      8948632                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBHits        8321578                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.usedRAS        2446276                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        96597                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.icacheStallCycles    197723216                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Insts            124559183                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Branches          22699859                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.predictedBranches     10767854                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Cycles            25973471                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.SquashCycles       5733559                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.BlockedCycles      6724979                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.CacheLines        12275607                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1974018                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::samples    234071052                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.653865                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.028445                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::0      208097581     88.90%     88.90% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::1        1593067      0.68%     89.58% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::2        2017927      0.86%     90.45% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::3        3204251      1.37%     91.82% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::4        1336683      0.57%     92.39% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::5        1722995      0.74%     93.12% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::6        2011637      0.86%     93.98% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::7         917662      0.39%     94.37% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::8       13169249      5.63%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::total    234071052                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.branchRate        0.090534                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rate              0.496779                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.decode.IdleCycles      196564175                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BlockedCycles      7995772                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus01.decode.RunCycles        25850155                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus01.decode.UnblockCycles        11992                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.decode.SquashCycles      3648951                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BranchResolved      3451903                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BranchMispred          436                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus01.decode.DecodedInsts    152226610                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus01.decode.SquashedInsts         2448                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus01.rename.SquashCycles      3648951                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.rename.IdleCycles      196762589                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus01.rename.BlockCycles        634312                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus01.rename.serializeStallCycles      6809618                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RunCycles        25664133                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus01.rename.UnblockCycles       551443                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenamedInsts    151285644                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus01.rename.ROBFullEvents          160                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.IQFullEvents        79481                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.LSQFullEvents       385418                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenamedOperands    211344471                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenameLookups    703595316                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus01.rename.int_rename_lookups    703595316                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus01.rename.CommittedMaps    177035411                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.UndoneMaps       34309010                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus01.rename.serializingInsts        37287                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.tempSerializingInsts        19729                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.skidInsts         1941386                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.insertedLoads     14147226                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.insertedStores      7404532                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.conflictingLoads        82776                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.conflictingStores      1675638                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqInstsAdded        147721385                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        37412                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqInstsIssued       141800602                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       140366                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     17798813                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     36106620                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         1999                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    234071052                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.605802                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.326669                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    173972492     74.32%     74.32% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     27424568     11.72%     86.04% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     11205435      4.79%     90.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      6272355      2.68%     93.51% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      8509031      3.64%     97.14% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      2613270      1.12%     98.26% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      2580242      1.10%     99.36% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::7      1385099      0.59%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       108560      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    234071052                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        978266     79.20%     79.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     79.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     79.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     79.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::MemRead       130476     10.56%     89.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       126431     10.24%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    119464303     84.25%     84.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      1939470      1.37%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        17557      0.01%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     12997955      9.17%     94.79% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      7381317      5.21%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::total    141800602                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.rate                 0.565543                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_busy_cnt           1235173                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.008711                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    519047795                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    165558293                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    138113907                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_alu_accesses    143035775                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       104494                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2640581                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           28                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          684                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        92579                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked           32                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewSquashCycles      3648951                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewBlockCycles        484011                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewUnblockCycles        61337                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    147758803                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts       115142                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     14147226                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      7404532                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        19730                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewIQFullEvents        53626                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           56                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus01.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          684                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus01.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1229650                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus01.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1150104                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus01.iew.branchMispredicts      2379754                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecutedInsts    139331445                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     12784157                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      2469157                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_nop                   6                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_refs           20165025                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_branches       19704940                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_stores          7380868                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_rate           0.555696                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_sent            138114204                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_count           138113907                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_producers        82759458                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_consumers       222322823                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_rate             0.550840                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_fanout           0.372249                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitCommittedInsts    102995775                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitCommittedOps    126915224                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitSquashedInsts     20844066                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        35412                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus01.commit.branchMispredicts      2083224                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    230422101                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.550794                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.371113                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    176702074     76.69%     76.69% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     27224634     11.82%     88.50% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      9885335      4.29%     92.79% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      4928051      2.14%     94.93% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      4501345      1.95%     96.88% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      1894649      0.82%     97.71% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1869793      0.81%     98.52% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       891376      0.39%     98.90% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2524844      1.10%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    230422101                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committedInsts    102995775                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committedOps    126915224                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.refs             18818573                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.loads            11506632                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.membars             17666                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.branches         18396298                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.int_insts       114264918                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.function_calls      2620847                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.bw_lim_events      2524844                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus01.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus01.rob.rob_reads          375655832                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus01.rob.rob_writes         299167605                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus01.timesIdled               2996751                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus01.idleCycles              16662320                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus01.committedInsts         102995775                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.committedOps           126915224                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.committedInsts_total    102995775                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.cpi                     2.434404                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus01.cpi_total               2.434404                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus01.ipc                     0.410778                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus01.ipc_total               0.410778                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus01.int_regfile_reads      626970960                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus01.int_regfile_writes     193010658                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus01.misc_regfile_reads     140816750                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus01.misc_regfile_writes        35382                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus02.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus02.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.workload.num_syscalls                 26                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus02.numCycles              250733372                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus02.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus02.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.lookups       19517903                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.condPredicted     17612547                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      1024242                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      7293652                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBHits        6974452                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.usedRAS        1078802                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        45105                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.icacheStallCycles    206824728                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Insts            122777613                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Branches          19517903                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.predictedBranches      8053254                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Cycles            24278251                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.SquashCycles       3221408                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.BlockedCycles      4992338                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.CacheLines        11873194                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1028750                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::samples    238266993                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.604558                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.932509                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::0      213988742     89.81%     89.81% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::1         866237      0.36%     90.17% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::2        1772121      0.74%     90.92% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::3         745256      0.31%     91.23% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::4        4035369      1.69%     92.92% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::5        3590240      1.51%     94.43% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::6         693504      0.29%     94.72% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::7        1457968      0.61%     95.33% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::8       11117556      4.67%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::total    238266993                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.branchRate        0.077843                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rate              0.489674                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.decode.IdleCycles      205665004                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BlockedCycles      6165057                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus02.decode.RunCycles        24188353                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus02.decode.UnblockCycles        77403                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.decode.SquashCycles      2171171                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BranchResolved      1712379                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BranchMispred          505                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus02.decode.DecodedInsts    143977108                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus02.decode.SquashedInsts         2828                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus02.rename.SquashCycles      2171171                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.rename.IdleCycles      205875422                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus02.rename.BlockCycles       4446003                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus02.rename.serializeStallCycles      1061868                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RunCycles        24070032                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus02.rename.UnblockCycles       642490                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenamedInsts    143899574                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus02.rename.ROBFullEvents          101                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.IQFullEvents       274215                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.LSQFullEvents       232822                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.FullRegisterEvents         3654                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenamedOperands    168954978                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenameLookups    677781154                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus02.rename.int_rename_lookups    677781154                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus02.rename.CommittedMaps    149855803                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.UndoneMaps       19099175                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus02.rename.serializingInsts        17146                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.tempSerializingInsts         8877                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.skidInsts         1622985                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.insertedLoads     33951759                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.insertedStores     17170357                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.conflictingLoads       155573                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.conflictingStores       833007                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqInstsAdded        143616932                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        17199                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqInstsIssued       138077981                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        72649                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     11083063                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     26602278                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          532                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    238266993                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.579509                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.377052                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    189231756     79.42%     79.42% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     14664879      6.15%     85.57% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     12050796      5.06%     90.63% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      5210354      2.19%     92.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      6608897      2.77%     95.59% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      6401914      2.69%     98.28% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      3632867      1.52%     99.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       286152      0.12%     99.92% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       179378      0.08%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    238266993                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        349610     11.08%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::MemRead      2726049     86.41%     97.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        78959      2.50%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     86622188     62.73%     62.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      1206890      0.87%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         8268      0.01%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     33108266     23.98%     87.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite     17132369     12.41%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::total    138077981                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.rate                 0.550696                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_busy_cnt           3154618                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.022847                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    517650222                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    154720703                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    136895503                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_alu_accesses    141232599                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       248586                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      1311254                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          559                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         3516                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       103469                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads        12224                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewSquashCycles      2171171                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewBlockCycles       4082945                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewUnblockCycles       183102                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    143634217                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         1457                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     33951759                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispStoreInsts     17170357                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         8878                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewIQFullEvents       124742                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           69                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus02.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         3516                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus02.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       594979                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus02.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       606781                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus02.iew.branchMispredicts      1201760                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecutedInsts    137109356                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     32995800                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       968625                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_nop                  86                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_refs           50126832                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_branches       17963278                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_stores         17131032                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_rate           0.546833                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_sent            136899836                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_count           136895503                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_producers        73938197                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_consumers       145691445                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_rate             0.545980                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_fanout           0.507499                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitCommittedInsts    111228621                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitCommittedOps    130712335                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitSquashedInsts     12936522                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        16667                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus02.commit.branchMispredicts      1046680                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    236095822                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.553641                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.377441                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    188716244     79.93%     79.93% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     17277551      7.32%     87.25% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      8109193      3.43%     90.68% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      8019900      3.40%     94.08% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      2181210      0.92%     95.01% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      9331921      3.95%     98.96% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       698633      0.30%     99.25% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       508905      0.22%     99.47% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      1252265      0.53%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    236095822                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committedInsts    111228621                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committedOps    130712335                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.refs             49707393                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.loads            32640505                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.membars              8320                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.branches         17261350                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.int_insts       116234819                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.function_calls      1266205                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.bw_lim_events      1252265                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus02.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus02.rob.rob_reads          378492076                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus02.rob.rob_writes         289469073                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus02.timesIdled               4537609                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus02.idleCycles              12466379                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus02.committedInsts         111228621                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.committedOps           130712335                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.committedInsts_total    111228621                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.cpi                     2.254216                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus02.cpi_total               2.254216                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus02.ipc                     0.443613                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus02.ipc_total               0.443613                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus02.int_regfile_reads      677817593                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus02.int_regfile_writes     158975126                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus02.misc_regfile_reads     171431800                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus02.misc_regfile_writes        16642                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus03.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus03.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.workload.num_syscalls                 53                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus03.numCycles              250733372                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus03.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus03.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.lookups       20635307                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.condPredicted     16883415                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      2022583                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      8644626                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBHits        8132422                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.usedRAS        2135956                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        92280                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.icacheStallCycles    199044399                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Insts            115332041                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Branches          20635307                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.predictedBranches     10268378                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Cycles            24087513                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.SquashCycles       5495576                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.BlockedCycles      4727431                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.CacheLines        12176812                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.IcacheSquashes      2024206                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::samples    231306091                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.612444                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.954053                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::0      207218578     89.59%     89.59% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::1        1123349      0.49%     90.07% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::2        1783191      0.77%     90.84% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::3        2421328      1.05%     91.89% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::4        2488065      1.08%     92.97% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::5        2103512      0.91%     93.87% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::6        1175526      0.51%     94.38% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::7        1755034      0.76%     95.14% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::8       11237508      4.86%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::total    231306091                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.branchRate        0.082300                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rate              0.459979                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.decode.IdleCycles      197024172                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BlockedCycles      6764738                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus03.decode.RunCycles        24044549                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus03.decode.UnblockCycles        26251                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.decode.SquashCycles      3446376                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BranchResolved      3397122                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BranchMispred          373                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus03.decode.DecodedInsts    141555701                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus03.decode.SquashedInsts         1960                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus03.rename.SquashCycles      3446376                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.rename.IdleCycles      197559320                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus03.rename.BlockCycles       1389295                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus03.rename.serializeStallCycles      4141289                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RunCycles        23542489                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus03.rename.UnblockCycles      1227317                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenamedInsts    141508517                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus03.rename.ROBFullEvents          181                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.IQFullEvents       168498                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.LSQFullEvents       534725                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenamedOperands    197484434                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenameLookups    658268738                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus03.rename.int_rename_lookups    658268738                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus03.rename.CommittedMaps    171490848                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.UndoneMaps       25993577                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus03.rename.serializingInsts        35401                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.tempSerializingInsts        18543                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.skidInsts         3670746                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.insertedLoads     13259002                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.insertedStores      7181732                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.conflictingLoads        84498                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.conflictingStores      1693461                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqInstsAdded        141350942                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        35518                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqInstsIssued       134375867                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        18269                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     15413081                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     36709355                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         1523                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    231306091                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.580944                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.271913                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    174428276     75.41%     75.41% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     23399358     10.12%     85.53% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     11855585      5.13%     90.65% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      8928508      3.86%     94.51% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      7015579      3.03%     97.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      2834487      1.23%     98.77% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      1788982      0.77%     99.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       931356      0.40%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       123960      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    231306091                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         25055     11.22%     11.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::MemRead        81804     36.64%     47.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       116412     52.14%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    113020075     84.11%     84.11% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      2000522      1.49%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        16856      0.01%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     12179564      9.06%     94.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      7158850      5.33%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::total    134375867                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.rate                 0.535931                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_busy_cnt            223271                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001662                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    500299365                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    156800095                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    132349703                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_alu_accesses    134599138                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       273073                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2118291                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          160                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          558                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        94407                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewSquashCycles      3446376                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewBlockCycles       1110020                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewUnblockCycles       119887                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    141386602                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        15856                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     13259002                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      7181732                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        18545                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewIQFullEvents       101318                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           12                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus03.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          558                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus03.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1179974                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus03.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1131092                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus03.iew.branchMispredicts      2311066                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecutedInsts    132509087                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     11458622                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1866780                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_nop                 142                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_refs           18617201                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_branches       18837290                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_stores          7158579                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_rate           0.528486                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_sent            132349945                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_count           132349703                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_producers        75970739                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_consumers       204696807                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_rate             0.527850                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_fanout           0.371138                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitCommittedInsts     99968101                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitCommittedOps    123009686                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitSquashedInsts     18376929                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        33995                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus03.commit.branchMispredicts      2048083                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    227859715                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.539848                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.388759                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    177409281     77.86%     77.86% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     24999898     10.97%     88.83% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      9450552      4.15%     92.98% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      4500098      1.97%     94.95% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      3796279      1.67%     96.62% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      2177430      0.96%     97.57% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1906606      0.84%     98.41% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       860080      0.38%     98.79% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2759491      1.21%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    227859715                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committedInsts     99968101                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committedOps    123009686                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.refs             18228033                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.loads            11140708                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.membars             16960                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.branches         17738246                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.int_insts       110830173                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.function_calls      2533021                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.bw_lim_events      2759491                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus03.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus03.rob.rob_reads          366486150                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus03.rob.rob_writes         286219678                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus03.timesIdled               3018149                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus03.idleCycles              19427281                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus03.committedInsts          99968101                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.committedOps           123009686                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.committedInsts_total     99968101                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.cpi                     2.508134                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus03.cpi_total               2.508134                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus03.ipc                     0.398703                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus03.ipc_total               0.398703                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus03.int_regfile_reads      596404698                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus03.int_regfile_writes     184373783                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus03.misc_regfile_reads     131215163                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus03.misc_regfile_writes        33964                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus04.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus04.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.workload.num_syscalls                 25                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus04.numCycles              250733372                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus04.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus04.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.lookups       19038095                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.condPredicted     16993329                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      1518101                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBLookups     12763146                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBHits       12413537                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.usedRAS        1146729                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        46248                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.icacheStallCycles    201119751                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Insts            108093260                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Branches          19038095                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.predictedBranches     13560266                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Cycles            24105941                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.SquashCycles       4967937                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.BlockedCycles      3029993                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.MiscStallCycles           42                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles          119                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.CacheLines        12167072                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1490301                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::samples    231697136                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.522913                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.765121                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::0      207591195     89.60%     89.60% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::1        3669377      1.58%     91.18% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::2        1859101      0.80%     91.98% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::3        3632231      1.57%     93.55% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::4        1170846      0.51%     94.06% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::5        3361502      1.45%     95.51% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::6         531705      0.23%     95.74% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::7         857429      0.37%     96.11% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::8        9023750      3.89%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::total    231697136                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.branchRate        0.075930                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rate              0.431108                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.decode.IdleCycles      198694253                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BlockedCycles      5501519                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus04.decode.RunCycles        24058554                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus04.decode.UnblockCycles        19390                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.decode.SquashCycles      3423419                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BranchResolved      1803965                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BranchMispred        17871                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus04.decode.DecodedInsts    120967040                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus04.decode.SquashedInsts        33803                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus04.rename.SquashCycles      3423419                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.rename.IdleCycles      198965506                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus04.rename.BlockCycles       3304026                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus04.rename.serializeStallCycles      1366733                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RunCycles        23807981                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus04.rename.UnblockCycles       829464                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenamedInsts    120794336                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus04.rename.ROBFullEvents          195                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.IQFullEvents        93761                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.LSQFullEvents       663592                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenamedOperands    158374412                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenameLookups    547525211                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus04.rename.int_rename_lookups    547525211                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus04.rename.CommittedMaps    128538487                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.UndoneMaps       29835925                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus04.rename.serializingInsts        16287                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.tempSerializingInsts         8247                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.skidInsts         1800321                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.insertedLoads     21742237                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.insertedStores      3548341                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.conflictingLoads        23176                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.conflictingStores       806888                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqInstsAdded        120170281                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        16348                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqInstsIssued       112565615                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        72601                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     21588341                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     44210164                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          131                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    231697136                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.485831                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.098423                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    182308232     78.68%     78.68% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     15619252      6.74%     85.43% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     16473737      7.11%     92.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      9581155      4.14%     96.67% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      4943997      2.13%     98.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      1236159      0.53%     99.34% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      1471972      0.64%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        34247      0.01%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        28385      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    231697136                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        189170     57.35%     57.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     57.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     57.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     57.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     57.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     57.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     57.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     57.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     57.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     57.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     57.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     57.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     57.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     57.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     57.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     57.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     57.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::MemRead        77000     23.34%     80.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        63686     19.31%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     88302018     78.44%     78.44% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       885626      0.79%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         8040      0.01%     79.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     19851429     17.64%     96.87% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      3518502      3.13%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::total    112565615                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.rate                 0.448945                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_busy_cnt            329856                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002930                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    457230823                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    141775258                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    109714499                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_alu_accesses    112895471                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        89643                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      4414311                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          117                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          296                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        80755                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewSquashCycles      3423419                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewBlockCycles       2232958                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewUnblockCycles       101949                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    120186750                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        15376                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     21742237                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      3548341                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         8246                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewIQFullEvents        40335                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewLSQFullEvents         2215                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus04.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          296                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus04.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1025931                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus04.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       583004                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus04.iew.branchMispredicts      1608935                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecutedInsts    111136962                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     19567257                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1428653                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_nop                 121                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_refs           23085556                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_branches       16892788                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_stores          3518299                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_rate           0.443248                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_sent            109739296                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_count           109714499                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_producers        66386857                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_consumers       144745286                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_rate             0.437574                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_fanout           0.458646                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitCommittedInsts     87407072                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitCommittedOps     98443431                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitSquashedInsts     21748170                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        16217                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus04.commit.branchMispredicts      1508546                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    228273717                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.431252                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.301993                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    191602711     83.94%     83.94% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     14421223      6.32%     90.25% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      9252468      4.05%     94.31% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      2913315      1.28%     95.58% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      4829605      2.12%     97.70% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       943355      0.41%     98.11% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       598873      0.26%     98.37% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       548442      0.24%     98.61% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      3163725      1.39%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    228273717                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committedInsts     87407072                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committedOps     98443431                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.refs             20795512                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.loads            17327926                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.membars              8090                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.branches         15100602                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.int_insts        86042245                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.function_calls      1234324                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.bw_lim_events      3163725                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus04.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus04.rob.rob_reads          345301268                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus04.rob.rob_writes         243809298                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus04.timesIdled               4465012                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus04.idleCycles              19036236                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus04.committedInsts          87407072                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.committedOps            98443431                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.committedInsts_total     87407072                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.cpi                     2.868571                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus04.cpi_total               2.868571                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus04.ipc                     0.348606                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus04.ipc_total               0.348606                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus04.int_regfile_reads      516522438                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus04.int_regfile_writes     143001253                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus04.misc_regfile_reads     128404771                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus04.misc_regfile_writes        16204                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus05.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus05.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.workload.num_syscalls                 51                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus05.numCycles              250733372                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus05.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus05.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.lookups       20387771                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.condPredicted     16716962                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      1996927                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      8386775                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBHits        7961580                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.usedRAS        2093110                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        89345                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.icacheStallCycles    194591122                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Insts            115922146                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Branches          20387771                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.predictedBranches     10054690                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Cycles            25493977                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.SquashCycles       5676115                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.BlockedCycles      6404402                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.CacheLines        11988172                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1981596                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::samples    230137786                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.615856                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.967209                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::0      204643809     88.92%     88.92% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::1        2764711      1.20%     90.12% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::2        3198429      1.39%     91.51% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::3        1757238      0.76%     92.28% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::4        2015555      0.88%     93.15% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::5        1111381      0.48%     93.64% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::6         758330      0.33%     93.97% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::7        1977392      0.86%     94.82% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::8       11910941      5.18%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::total    230137786                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.branchRate        0.081313                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rate              0.462332                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.decode.IdleCycles      193001625                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BlockedCycles      8023577                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus05.decode.RunCycles        25279903                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus05.decode.UnblockCycles       203016                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.decode.SquashCycles      3629664                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BranchResolved      3311646                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BranchMispred        18622                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus05.decode.DecodedInsts    141504766                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus05.decode.SquashedInsts        92398                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus05.rename.SquashCycles      3629664                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.rename.IdleCycles      193312793                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus05.rename.BlockCycles       2879472                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus05.rename.serializeStallCycles      4275293                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RunCycles        25184473                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus05.rename.UnblockCycles       856082                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenamedInsts    141418220                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus05.rename.ROBFullEvents          206                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.IQFullEvents       218011                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.LSQFullEvents       399807                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenamedOperands    196542141                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenameLookups    658487009                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus05.rename.int_rename_lookups    658487009                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus05.rename.CommittedMaps    167803170                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.UndoneMaps       28738957                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus05.rename.serializingInsts        36898                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.tempSerializingInsts        20510                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.skidInsts         2287898                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.insertedLoads     13492995                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.insertedStores      7360177                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.conflictingLoads       194201                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.conflictingStores      1633965                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqInstsAdded        141209485                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        36979                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqInstsIssued       133441718                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       187096                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     17663897                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     40851657                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         4020                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    230137786                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.579834                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.269431                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    173920598     75.57%     75.57% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     22606284      9.82%     85.40% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     12145897      5.28%     90.67% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      8415192      3.66%     94.33% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      7354057      3.20%     97.53% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      3758206      1.63%     99.16% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       912452      0.40%     99.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       584706      0.25%     99.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       440394      0.19%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    230137786                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         35265     12.23%     12.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::MemRead       123347     42.77%     55.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       129756     45.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    111690774     83.70%     83.70% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      2087000      1.56%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        16342      0.01%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     12341287      9.25%     94.52% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      7306315      5.48%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::total    133441718                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.rate                 0.532206                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_busy_cnt            288368                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002161                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    497496686                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    158911622                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    131221394                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_alu_accesses    133730086                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       336758                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2373983                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          812                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         1264                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       165892                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         8174                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewSquashCycles      3629664                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewBlockCycles       2384820                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewUnblockCycles       146235                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    141246581                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        56343                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     13492995                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      7360177                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        20518                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewIQFullEvents       103951                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            3                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus05.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         1264                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus05.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1157314                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus05.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1120883                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus05.iew.branchMispredicts      2278197                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecutedInsts    131471391                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     11588537                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1970327                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_nop                 117                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_refs           18893010                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_branches       18392655                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_stores          7304473                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_rate           0.524347                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_sent            131223532                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_count           131221394                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_producers        77988548                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_consumers       204278177                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_rate             0.523350                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_fanout           0.381776                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitCommittedInsts     98539268                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitCommittedOps    120895765                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitSquashedInsts     20352241                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        32959                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus05.commit.branchMispredicts      2008391                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    226508122                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.533737                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.352823                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    177126386     78.20%     78.20% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     22897338     10.11%     88.31% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      9597438      4.24%     92.54% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      5767970      2.55%     95.09% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      3989946      1.76%     96.85% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      2580439      1.14%     97.99% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1336858      0.59%     98.58% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::7      1077462      0.48%     99.06% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2134285      0.94%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    226508122                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committedInsts     98539268                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committedOps    120895765                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.refs             18313297                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.loads            11119012                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.membars             16444                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.branches         17302281                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.int_insts       108992379                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.function_calls      2459634                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.bw_lim_events      2134285                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus05.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus05.rob.rob_reads          365621180                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus05.rob.rob_writes         286125755                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus05.timesIdled               2981156                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus05.idleCycles              20595586                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus05.committedInsts          98539268                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.committedOps           120895765                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.committedInsts_total     98539268                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.cpi                     2.544502                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus05.cpi_total               2.544502                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus05.ipc                     0.393004                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus05.ipc_total               0.393004                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus05.int_regfile_reads      593069722                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus05.int_regfile_writes     182119744                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus05.misc_regfile_reads     132070927                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus05.misc_regfile_writes        32928                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus06.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus06.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.workload.num_syscalls                 26                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus06.numCycles              250733372                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus06.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus06.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.lookups       19512279                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.condPredicted     17607741                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      1022706                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      7326776                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBHits        6979329                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.usedRAS        1077619                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        45036                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.icacheStallCycles    206778263                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Insts            122737647                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Branches          19512279                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.predictedBranches      8056948                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Cycles            24277676                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.SquashCycles       3217402                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.BlockedCycles      4959853                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.CacheLines        11869660                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1027709                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::samples    238184984                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.604590                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.932472                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::0      213907308     89.81%     89.81% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::1         871445      0.37%     90.17% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::2        1772608      0.74%     90.92% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::3         743483      0.31%     91.23% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::4        4038862      1.70%     92.93% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::5        3589411      1.51%     94.43% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::6         694371      0.29%     94.72% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::7        1451628      0.61%     95.33% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::8       11115868      4.67%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::total    238184984                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.branchRate        0.077821                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rate              0.489515                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.decode.IdleCycles      205626408                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BlockedCycles      6124632                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus06.decode.RunCycles        24187825                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus06.decode.UnblockCycles        77432                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.decode.SquashCycles      2168682                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BranchResolved      1712018                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BranchMispred          510                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus06.decode.DecodedInsts    143935533                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus06.decode.SquashedInsts         2812                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus06.rename.SquashCycles      2168682                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.rename.IdleCycles      205831000                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus06.rename.BlockCycles       4422241                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus06.rename.serializeStallCycles      1056760                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RunCycles        24075399                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus06.rename.UnblockCycles       630895                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenamedInsts    143859932                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus06.rename.ROBFullEvents          101                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.IQFullEvents       273797                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.LSQFullEvents       227550                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.FullRegisterEvents         3029                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenamedOperands    168888978                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenameLookups    677611655                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus06.rename.int_rename_lookups    677611655                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus06.rename.CommittedMaps    149836635                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.UndoneMaps       19052320                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus06.rename.serializingInsts        16694                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.tempSerializingInsts         8426                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.skidInsts         1590619                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.insertedLoads     33948542                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.insertedStores     17169270                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.conflictingLoads       155239                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.conflictingStores       833965                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqInstsAdded        143577238                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        16746                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqInstsIssued       138043385                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        72095                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     11067514                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     26582077                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           84                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    238184984                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.579564                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.377016                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    189157718     79.42%     79.42% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     14663554      6.16%     85.57% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     12048416      5.06%     90.63% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      5212184      2.19%     92.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      6606271      2.77%     95.59% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      6404547      2.69%     98.28% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      3626580      1.52%     99.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       286564      0.12%     99.92% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       179150      0.08%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    238184984                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        349594     11.08%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::MemRead      2725779     86.41%     97.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        78997      2.50%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     86593024     62.73%     62.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      1206353      0.87%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         8266      0.01%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     33104253     23.98%     87.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite     17131489     12.41%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::total    138043385                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.rate                 0.550558                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_busy_cnt           3154370                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.022851                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    517498213                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    154665010                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    136863267                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_alu_accesses    141197755                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       247115                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      1310310                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          542                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         3518                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       103664                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads        12224                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewSquashCycles      2168682                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewBlockCycles       4058816                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewUnblockCycles       183059                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    143594055                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         1444                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     33948542                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispStoreInsts     17169270                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         8428                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewIQFullEvents       124537                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           89                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus06.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         3518                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus06.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       594911                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus06.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       605388                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus06.iew.branchMispredicts      1200299                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecutedInsts    137076103                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     32991524                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       967276                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_nop                  71                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_refs           50121625                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_branches       17959724                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_stores         17130101                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_rate           0.546701                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_sent            136867682                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_count           136863267                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_producers        73921049                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_consumers       145645629                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_rate             0.545852                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_fanout           0.507540                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitCommittedInsts    111216311                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitCommittedOps    130697566                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitSquashedInsts     12910511                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        16662                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus06.commit.branchMispredicts      1045143                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    236016302                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.553765                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.377586                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    188643425     79.93%     79.93% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     17274510      7.32%     87.25% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      8108359      3.44%     90.68% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      8016705      3.40%     94.08% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      2182915      0.92%     95.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      9330945      3.95%     98.96% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       698520      0.30%     99.25% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       508666      0.22%     99.47% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      1252257      0.53%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    236016302                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committedInsts    111216311                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committedOps    130697566                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.refs             49703823                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.loads            32638222                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.membars              8318                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.branches         17259302                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.int_insts       116221608                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.function_calls      1265982                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.bw_lim_events      1252257                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus06.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus06.rob.rob_reads          378371784                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus06.rob.rob_writes         289385063                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus06.timesIdled               4536509                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus06.idleCycles              12548388                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus06.committedInsts         111216311                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.committedOps           130697566                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.committedInsts_total    111216311                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.cpi                     2.254466                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus06.cpi_total               2.254466                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus06.ipc                     0.443564                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus06.ipc_total               0.443564                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus06.int_regfile_reads      677670387                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus06.int_regfile_writes     158918329                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus06.misc_regfile_reads     171387975                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus06.misc_regfile_writes        16636                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus07.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus07.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.workload.num_syscalls                 55                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus07.numCycles              250733372                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus07.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus07.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.lookups       22690707                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.condPredicted     18896582                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      2065685                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      8945842                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBHits        8320018                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.usedRAS        2443873                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        96505                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.icacheStallCycles    197663872                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Insts            124504602                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Branches          22690707                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.predictedBranches     10763891                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Cycles            25959766                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.SquashCycles       5732948                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.BlockedCycles      6753033                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.CacheLines        12272649                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1974865                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::samples    234025271                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.653667                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.028164                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::0      208065505     88.91%     88.91% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::1        1590957      0.68%     89.59% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::2        2016025      0.86%     90.45% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::3        3204174      1.37%     91.82% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::4        1336582      0.57%     92.39% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::5        1721316      0.74%     93.12% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::6        2011426      0.86%     93.98% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::7         916742      0.39%     94.38% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::8       13162544      5.62%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::total    234025271                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.branchRate        0.090497                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rate              0.496562                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.decode.IdleCycles      196504910                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BlockedCycles      8023129                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus07.decode.RunCycles        25836956                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus07.decode.UnblockCycles        12118                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.decode.SquashCycles      3648151                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BranchResolved      3448789                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BranchMispred          449                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus07.decode.DecodedInsts    152155706                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus07.decode.SquashedInsts         2081                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus07.rename.SquashCycles      3648151                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.rename.IdleCycles      196702684                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus07.rename.BlockCycles        635472                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus07.rename.serializeStallCycles      6836100                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RunCycles        25651549                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus07.rename.UnblockCycles       551309                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenamedInsts    151220975                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus07.rename.ROBFullEvents          147                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.IQFullEvents        80065                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.LSQFullEvents       384443                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenamedOperands    211258926                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenameLookups    703284894                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus07.rename.int_rename_lookups    703284894                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus07.rename.CommittedMaps    176950846                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.UndoneMaps       34308071                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus07.rename.serializingInsts        37243                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.tempSerializingInsts        19693                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.skidInsts         1938585                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.insertedLoads     14135753                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.insertedStores      7400856                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.conflictingLoads        83074                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.conflictingStores      1673667                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqInstsAdded        147657505                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        37371                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqInstsIssued       141734440                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       138900                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     17796266                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     36087771                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         1975                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    234025271                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.605637                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.326520                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    173954429     74.33%     74.33% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     27413737     11.71%     86.05% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     11196649      4.78%     90.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      6271352      2.68%     93.51% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      8504167      3.63%     97.14% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      2614231      1.12%     98.26% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      2577741      1.10%     99.36% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::7      1384640      0.59%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       108325      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    234025271                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        978069     79.23%     79.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     79.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     79.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     79.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::MemRead       129937     10.53%     89.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       126400     10.24%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    119413314     84.25%     84.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      1938456      1.37%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        17549      0.01%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     12987122      9.16%     94.79% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      7377999      5.21%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::total    141734440                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.rate                 0.565280                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_busy_cnt           1234406                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.008709                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    518867457                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    165491823                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    138052866                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_alu_accesses    142968846                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       105000                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2634646                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           52                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          682                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        92407                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked           44                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewSquashCycles      3648151                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewBlockCycles        484648                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewUnblockCycles        61128                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    147694884                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts       113318                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     14135753                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      7400856                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        19694                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewIQFullEvents        53414                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           59                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus07.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          682                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus07.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1230335                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus07.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1150214                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus07.iew.branchMispredicts      2380549                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecutedInsts    139267998                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     12775974                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      2466442                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_nop                   8                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_refs           20153517                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_branches       19695179                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_stores          7377543                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_rate           0.555443                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_sent            138053169                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_count           138052866                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_producers        82719779                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_consumers       222214405                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_rate             0.550596                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_fanout           0.372252                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitCommittedInsts    102946550                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitCommittedOps    126854492                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitSquashedInsts     20840943                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        35396                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus07.commit.branchMispredicts      2083388                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    230377120                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.550638                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.370954                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    176684259     76.69%     76.69% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     27209209     11.81%     88.50% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      9882119      4.29%     92.79% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      4923610      2.14%     94.93% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      4500643      1.95%     96.88% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      1893821      0.82%     97.71% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1868918      0.81%     98.52% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       891298      0.39%     98.90% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2523243      1.10%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    230377120                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committedInsts    102946550                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committedOps    126854492                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.refs             18809550                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.loads            11501101                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.membars             17658                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.branches         18387474                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.int_insts       114210227                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.function_calls      2619578                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.bw_lim_events      2523243                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus07.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus07.rob.rob_reads          375548597                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus07.rob.rob_writes         299039047                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus07.timesIdled               2997069                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus07.idleCycles              16708101                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus07.committedInsts         102946550                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.committedOps           126854492                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.committedInsts_total    102946550                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.cpi                     2.435568                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus07.cpi_total               2.435568                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus07.ipc                     0.410582                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus07.ipc_total               0.410582                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus07.int_regfile_reads      626691973                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus07.int_regfile_writes     192926933                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus07.misc_regfile_reads     140754367                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus07.misc_regfile_writes        35366                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus08.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus08.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.workload.num_syscalls                 51                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus08.numCycles              250733372                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus08.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus08.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.lookups       20333617                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.condPredicted     16630254                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      1980753                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      8400533                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBHits        8018344                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.usedRAS        2091256                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        88148                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.icacheStallCycles    197230326                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Insts            115406473                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Branches          20333617                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.predictedBranches     10109600                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Cycles            24182698                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.SquashCycles       5762245                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.BlockedCycles      3491937                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           23                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.CacheLines        12125947                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1996629                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::samples    228643031                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.616715                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.968437                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::0      204460333     89.42%     89.42% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::1        1313819      0.57%     90.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::2        2070372      0.91%     90.90% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::3        3297441      1.44%     92.35% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::4        1365045      0.60%     92.94% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::5        1521568      0.67%     93.61% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::6        1630929      0.71%     94.32% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::7        1061109      0.46%     94.79% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::8       11922415      5.21%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::total    228643031                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.branchRate        0.081097                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rate              0.460276                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.decode.IdleCycles      195418708                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BlockedCycles      5317655                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus08.decode.RunCycles        24107616                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus08.decode.UnblockCycles        61460                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.decode.SquashCycles      3737588                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BranchResolved      3333163                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BranchMispred          462                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus08.decode.DecodedInsts    140923591                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus08.decode.SquashedInsts         3008                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus08.rename.SquashCycles      3737588                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.rename.IdleCycles      195717774                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus08.rename.BlockCycles       1695459                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus08.rename.serializeStallCycles      2756969                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RunCycles        23875348                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus08.rename.UnblockCycles       859889                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenamedInsts    140843346                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus08.rename.ROBFullEvents        25553                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.IQFullEvents       242453                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.LSQFullEvents       323912                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.FullRegisterEvents        41074                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenamedOperands    195540264                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenameLookups    655213429                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus08.rename.int_rename_lookups    655213429                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus08.rename.CommittedMaps    166911545                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.UndoneMaps       28628709                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus08.rename.serializingInsts        35744                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.tempSerializingInsts        19603                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.skidInsts         2581975                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.insertedLoads     13413241                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.insertedStores      7211425                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.conflictingLoads       217894                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.conflictingStores      1640683                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqInstsAdded        140645427                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        35850                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqInstsIssued       133086259                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       163878                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     17881564                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     39846010                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         3297                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    228643031                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.582070                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.273898                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    172536909     75.46%     75.46% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     22512991      9.85%     85.31% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     12309340      5.38%     90.69% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      8399150      3.67%     94.36% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      7856838      3.44%     97.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      2258116      0.99%     98.79% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      1760352      0.77%     99.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       597586      0.26%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       411749      0.18%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    228643031                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         30862     12.47%     12.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::MemRead        95574     38.62%     51.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       121022     48.91%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    111487116     83.77%     83.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      2106558      1.58%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        16137      0.01%     85.37% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.37% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.37% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.37% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     12299044      9.24%     94.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      7177404      5.39%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::total    133086259                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.rate                 0.530788                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_busy_cnt            247458                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001859                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    495226885                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    158564284                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    130953651                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_alu_accesses    133333717                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       401327                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2396963                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          333                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         1469                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       208444                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         8298                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewSquashCycles      3737588                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewBlockCycles       1136875                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewUnblockCycles       118047                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    140681408                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        58424                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     13413241                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      7211425                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        19589                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewIQFullEvents        86327                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           30                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus08.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         1469                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus08.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1157580                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus08.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1131568                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus08.iew.branchMispredicts      2289148                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecutedInsts    131199842                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     11567577                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1886417                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_nop                 131                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_refs           18743288                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_branches       18456323                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_stores          7175711                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_rate           0.523264                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_sent            130954656                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_count           130953651                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_producers        76565648                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_consumers       200059993                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_rate             0.522282                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_fanout           0.382713                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitCommittedInsts     98042730                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitCommittedOps    120175258                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitSquashedInsts     20506328                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        32553                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus08.commit.branchMispredicts      2022755                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    224905443                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.534337                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.388072                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    176120956     78.31%     78.31% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     23626557     10.51%     88.81% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      9197506      4.09%     92.90% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      4954818      2.20%     95.11% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      3711043      1.65%     96.76% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      2071184      0.92%     97.68% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1277537      0.57%     98.25% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::7      1142815      0.51%     98.75% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2803027      1.25%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    224905443                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committedInsts     98042730                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committedOps    120175258                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.refs             18019259                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.loads            11016278                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.membars             16240                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.branches         17250640                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.int_insts       108286824                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.function_calls      2441279                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.bw_lim_events      2803027                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus08.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus08.rob.rob_reads          362783339                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus08.rob.rob_writes         285100966                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus08.timesIdled               3180467                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus08.idleCycles              22090341                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus08.committedInsts          98042730                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.committedOps           120175258                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.committedInsts_total     98042730                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.cpi                     2.557389                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus08.cpi_total               2.557389                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus08.ipc                     0.391024                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus08.ipc_total               0.391024                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus08.int_regfile_reads      591646038                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus08.int_regfile_writes     181526157                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus08.misc_regfile_reads     131439658                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus08.misc_regfile_writes        32524                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus09.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus09.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.workload.num_syscalls                 51                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus09.numCycles              250733372                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus09.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus09.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.lookups       20324528                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.condPredicted     16623347                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      1983710                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      8434789                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBHits        8019495                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.usedRAS        2090253                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        88157                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.icacheStallCycles    197228940                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Insts            115332461                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Branches          20324528                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.predictedBranches     10109748                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Cycles            24173983                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.SquashCycles       5762314                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.BlockedCycles      3474911                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           23                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.CacheLines        12127845                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1999205                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::samples    228613074                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.616448                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.967967                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::0      204439091     89.43%     89.43% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::1        1314056      0.57%     90.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::2        2071293      0.91%     90.91% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::3        3300373      1.44%     92.35% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::4        1363804      0.60%     92.95% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::5        1522774      0.67%     93.61% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::6        1625954      0.71%     94.32% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::7        1060299      0.46%     94.79% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::8       11915430      5.21%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::total    228613074                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.branchRate        0.081060                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rate              0.459980                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.decode.IdleCycles      195410616                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BlockedCycles      5307341                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus09.decode.RunCycles        24098412                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus09.decode.UnblockCycles        61938                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.decode.SquashCycles      3734763                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BranchResolved      3330996                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BranchMispred          455                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus09.decode.DecodedInsts    140844202                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus09.decode.SquashedInsts         2978                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus09.rename.SquashCycles      3734763                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.rename.IdleCycles      195712783                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus09.rename.BlockCycles       1695944                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus09.rename.serializeStallCycles      2740233                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RunCycles        23863686                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus09.rename.UnblockCycles       865661                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenamedInsts    140761740                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus09.rename.ROBFullEvents        26056                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.IQFullEvents       241735                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.LSQFullEvents       326345                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.FullRegisterEvents        42265                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenamedOperands    195434713                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenameLookups    654815660                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus09.rename.int_rename_lookups    654815660                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus09.rename.CommittedMaps    166863906                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.UndoneMaps       28570805                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus09.rename.serializingInsts        35867                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.tempSerializingInsts        19731                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.skidInsts         2599973                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.insertedLoads     13412949                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.insertedStores      7206509                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.conflictingLoads       217084                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.conflictingStores      1637915                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqInstsAdded        140563717                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        35964                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqInstsIssued       133045445                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       163118                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     17825677                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     39632288                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         3420                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    228613074                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.581968                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.273776                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    172520754     75.46%     75.46% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     22505358      9.84%     85.31% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     12315841      5.39%     90.70% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      8394197      3.67%     94.37% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      7849587      3.43%     97.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      2256171      0.99%     98.79% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      1763078      0.77%     99.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       596561      0.26%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       411527      0.18%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    228613074                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         30850     12.45%     12.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::MemRead        96231     38.84%     51.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       120709     48.71%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    111458980     83.78%     83.78% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      2103384      1.58%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        16133      0.01%     85.37% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.37% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.37% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.37% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     12294470      9.24%     94.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      7172478      5.39%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::total    133045445                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.rate                 0.530625                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_busy_cnt            247790                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001862                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    495114872                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    158426801                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    130904632                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_alu_accesses    133293235                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       400586                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2399778                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          347                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         1475                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       205492                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         8275                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewSquashCycles      3734763                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewBlockCycles       1136185                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewUnblockCycles       118119                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    140599822                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        57260                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     13412949                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      7206509                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        19708                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewIQFullEvents        86250                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           35                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus09.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         1475                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus09.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1160052                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus09.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1132733                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus09.iew.branchMispredicts      2292785                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecutedInsts    131149949                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     11563117                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1895496                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_nop                 141                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_refs           18734011                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_branches       18452116                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_stores          7170894                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_rate           0.523065                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_sent            130905580                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_count           130904632                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_producers        76545434                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_consumers       199997447                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_rate             0.522087                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_fanout           0.382732                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitCommittedInsts     98014868                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitCommittedOps    120141083                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitSquashedInsts     20458942                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        32544                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus09.commit.branchMispredicts      2025659                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    224878311                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.534249                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.387906                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    176105247     78.31%     78.31% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     23621905     10.50%     88.82% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      9195490      4.09%     92.90% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      4952592      2.20%     95.11% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      3709796      1.65%     96.76% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      2071188      0.92%     97.68% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1279473      0.57%     98.25% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::7      1142500      0.51%     98.75% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2800120      1.25%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    224878311                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committedInsts     98014868                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committedOps    120141083                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.refs             18014187                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.loads            11013170                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.membars             16236                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.branches         17245722                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.int_insts       108256036                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.function_calls      2440579                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.bw_lim_events      2800120                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus09.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus09.rob.rob_reads          362677553                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus09.rob.rob_writes         284935014                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus09.timesIdled               3182668                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus09.idleCycles              22120298                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus09.committedInsts          98014868                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.committedOps           120141083                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.committedInsts_total     98014868                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.cpi                     2.558116                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus09.cpi_total               2.558116                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus09.ipc                     0.390913                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus09.ipc_total               0.390913                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus09.int_regfile_reads      591422382                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus09.int_regfile_writes     181465570                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus09.misc_regfile_reads     131357893                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus09.misc_regfile_writes        32514                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus10.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus10.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.workload.num_syscalls                 55                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus10.numCycles              250733372                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus10.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus10.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.lookups       22691773                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.condPredicted     18897019                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      2067033                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      8942131                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBHits        8317886                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.usedRAS        2444096                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        96465                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.icacheStallCycles    197649484                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Insts            124505981                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Branches          22691773                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.predictedBranches     10761982                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Cycles            25958934                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.SquashCycles       5737238                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.BlockedCycles      6754194                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.CacheLines        12272838                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1975905                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::samples    234014095                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.653713                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.028317                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::0      208055161     88.91%     88.91% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::1        1592076      0.68%     89.59% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::2        2017510      0.86%     90.45% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::3        3203739      1.37%     91.82% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::4        1331416      0.57%     92.39% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::5        1719459      0.73%     93.12% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::6        2011865      0.86%     93.98% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::7         917465      0.39%     94.37% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::8       13165404      5.63%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::total    234014095                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.branchRate        0.090502                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rate              0.496567                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.decode.IdleCycles      196491760                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BlockedCycles      8023366                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus10.decode.RunCycles        25835796                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus10.decode.UnblockCycles        12131                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.decode.SquashCycles      3651035                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BranchResolved      3449458                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BranchMispred          448                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus10.decode.DecodedInsts    152156613                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus10.decode.SquashedInsts         2150                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus10.rename.SquashCycles      3651035                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.rename.IdleCycles      196690150                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus10.rename.BlockCycles        635254                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus10.rename.serializeStallCycles      6836802                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RunCycles        25649868                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus10.rename.UnblockCycles       550980                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenamedInsts    151218863                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus10.rename.ROBFullEvents          153                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.IQFullEvents        79982                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.LSQFullEvents       384296                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenamedOperands    211265410                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenameLookups    703261985                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus10.rename.int_rename_lookups    703261985                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus10.rename.CommittedMaps    176926181                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.UndoneMaps       34339220                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus10.rename.serializingInsts        37283                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.tempSerializingInsts        19735                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.skidInsts         1940943                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.insertedLoads     14138177                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.insertedStores      7400416                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.conflictingLoads        82368                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.conflictingStores      1674030                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqInstsAdded        147659344                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        37411                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqInstsIssued       141732416                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       141799                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     17811593                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     36122104                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         2019                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    234014095                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.605658                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.326572                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    173943686     74.33%     74.33% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     27416170     11.72%     86.05% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     11195226      4.78%     90.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      6270608      2.68%     93.51% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      8501670      3.63%     97.14% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      2614911      1.12%     98.26% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      2578535      1.10%     99.36% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::7      1384787      0.59%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       108502      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    234014095                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        979006     79.22%     79.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     79.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     79.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     79.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::MemRead       130467     10.56%     89.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       126352     10.22%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    119408798     84.25%     84.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      1938286      1.37%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        17547      0.01%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     12990308      9.17%     94.79% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      7377477      5.21%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::total    141732416                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.rate                 0.565271                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_busy_cnt           1235825                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.008719                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    518856547                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    165509035                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    138046751                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_alu_accesses    142968241                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       104556                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2638679                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           38                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          689                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        92988                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked          144                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewSquashCycles      3651035                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewBlockCycles        484491                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewUnblockCycles        61135                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    147696761                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts       114482                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     14138177                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      7400416                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        19736                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewIQFullEvents        53355                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           62                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus10.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          689                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus10.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1230715                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus10.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1151678                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus10.iew.branchMispredicts      2382393                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecutedInsts    139263662                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     12776584                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      2468750                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_nop                   6                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_refs           20153613                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_branches       19695124                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_stores          7377029                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_rate           0.555425                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_sent            138047056                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_count           138046751                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_producers        82714353                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_consumers       222196464                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_rate             0.550572                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_fanout           0.372258                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitCommittedInsts    102932217                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitCommittedOps    126836811                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitSquashedInsts     20860497                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        35392                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus10.commit.branchMispredicts      2084741                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    230363060                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.550595                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.370942                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    176676912     76.69%     76.69% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     27208362     11.81%     88.51% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      9879022      4.29%     92.79% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      4923372      2.14%     94.93% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      4498827      1.95%     96.88% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      1893201      0.82%     97.71% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1868267      0.81%     98.52% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       891402      0.39%     98.90% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2523695      1.10%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    230363060                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committedInsts    102932217                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committedOps    126836811                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.refs             18806923                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.loads            11499495                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.membars             17656                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.branches         18384906                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.int_insts       114194326                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.function_calls      2619218                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.bw_lim_events      2523695                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus10.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus10.rob.rob_reads          375535958                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus10.rob.rob_writes         299045675                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus10.timesIdled               2997312                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus10.idleCycles              16719277                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus10.committedInsts         102932217                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.committedOps           126836811                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.committedInsts_total    102932217                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.cpi                     2.435908                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus10.cpi_total               2.435908                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus10.ipc                     0.410525                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus10.ipc_total               0.410525                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus10.int_regfile_reads      626662163                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus10.int_regfile_writes     192923889                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus10.misc_regfile_reads     140754441                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus10.misc_regfile_writes        35362                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus11.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus11.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.workload.num_syscalls                 51                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus11.numCycles              250733372                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus11.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus11.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.lookups       20390800                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.condPredicted     16717687                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      1995963                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      8387267                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBHits        7959983                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.usedRAS        2093549                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        89848                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.icacheStallCycles    194649878                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Insts            115957334                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Branches          20390800                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.predictedBranches     10053532                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Cycles            25499307                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.SquashCycles       5673106                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.BlockedCycles      6419541                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.CacheLines        11991014                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1980882                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::samples    230214877                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.615829                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.967229                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::0      204715570     88.92%     88.92% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::1        2765697      1.20%     90.13% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::2        3197726      1.39%     91.51% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::3        1756428      0.76%     92.28% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::4        2016355      0.88%     93.15% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::5        1112742      0.48%     93.64% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::6         756129      0.33%     93.96% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::7        1977278      0.86%     94.82% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::8       11916952      5.18%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::total    230214877                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.branchRate        0.081325                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rate              0.462473                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.decode.IdleCycles      193062022                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BlockedCycles      8036886                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus11.decode.RunCycles        25286536                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus11.decode.UnblockCycles       201947                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.decode.SquashCycles      3627485                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BranchResolved      3313547                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BranchMispred        18669                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus11.decode.DecodedInsts    141546816                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus11.decode.SquashedInsts        92456                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus11.rename.SquashCycles      3627485                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.rename.IdleCycles      193372624                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus11.rename.BlockCycles       2814194                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus11.rename.serializeStallCycles      4355848                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RunCycles        25190714                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus11.rename.UnblockCycles       854003                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenamedInsts    141461756                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus11.rename.ROBFullEvents          224                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.IQFullEvents       216476                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.LSQFullEvents       399313                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.FullRegisterEvents            3                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenamedOperands    196613640                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenameLookups    658692203                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus11.rename.int_rename_lookups    658692203                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus11.rename.CommittedMaps    167878819                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.UndoneMaps       28734813                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus11.rename.serializingInsts        37098                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.tempSerializingInsts        20728                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.skidInsts         2285386                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.insertedLoads     13494229                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.insertedStores      7362373                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.conflictingLoads       194183                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.conflictingStores      1634690                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqInstsAdded        141257832                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        37176                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqInstsIssued       133491149                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       186245                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     17662575                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     40833967                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         4203                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    230214877                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.579855                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.269481                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    173980213     75.57%     75.57% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     22609262      9.82%     85.39% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     12151633      5.28%     90.67% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      8419806      3.66%     94.33% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      7356080      3.20%     97.52% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      3759703      1.63%     99.16% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       912081      0.40%     99.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       584910      0.25%     99.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       441189      0.19%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    230214877                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         35160     12.21%     12.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::MemRead       123090     42.75%     54.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       129703     45.04%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    111734064     83.70%     83.70% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      2088809      1.56%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        16349      0.01%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     12342370      9.25%     94.52% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      7309557      5.48%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::total    133491149                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.rate                 0.532403                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_busy_cnt            287953                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002157                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    497671373                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    158958849                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    131274919                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_alu_accesses    133779102                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       336730                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2370205                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          861                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         1268                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       164841                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         8173                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewSquashCycles      3627485                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewBlockCycles       2326425                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewUnblockCycles       144149                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    141295125                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        55772                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     13494229                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      7362373                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        20710                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewIQFullEvents       102075                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            1                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus11.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         1268                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus11.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1155904                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus11.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1121576                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus11.iew.branchMispredicts      2277480                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecutedInsts    131520928                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     11588937                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1970221                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_nop                 117                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_refs           18896866                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_branches       18401350                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_stores          7307929                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_rate           0.524545                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_sent            131276904                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_count           131274919                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_producers        78018012                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_consumers       204345858                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_rate             0.523564                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_fanout           0.381794                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitCommittedInsts     98583635                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitCommittedOps    120950243                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitSquashedInsts     20346149                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        32973                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus11.commit.branchMispredicts      2007471                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    226587392                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.533791                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.352866                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    177184634     78.20%     78.20% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     22905953     10.11%     88.31% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      9599685      4.24%     92.54% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      5773582      2.55%     95.09% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      3990888      1.76%     96.85% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      2582604      1.14%     97.99% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1337465      0.59%     98.58% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::7      1077836      0.48%     99.06% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2134745      0.94%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    226587392                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committedInsts     98583635                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committedOps    120950243                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.refs             18321556                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.loads            11124024                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.membars             16450                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.branches         17310091                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.int_insts       109041478                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.function_calls      2460744                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.bw_lim_events      2134745                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus11.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus11.rob.rob_reads          365748376                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus11.rob.rob_writes         286220357                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus11.timesIdled               2981318                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus11.idleCycles              20518495                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus11.committedInsts          98583635                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.committedOps           120950243                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.committedInsts_total     98583635                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.cpi                     2.543357                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus11.cpi_total               2.543357                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus11.ipc                     0.393181                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus11.ipc_total               0.393181                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus11.int_regfile_reads      593292238                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus11.int_regfile_writes     182197246                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus11.misc_regfile_reads     132112634                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus11.misc_regfile_writes        32944                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus12.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus12.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.workload.num_syscalls                 51                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus12.numCycles              250733150                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus12.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus12.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.lookups       20319943                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.condPredicted     16618529                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      1983499                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      8447347                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBHits        8019086                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.usedRAS        2090899                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        88119                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.icacheStallCycles    197208914                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Insts            115310368                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Branches          20319943                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.predictedBranches     10109985                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Cycles            24169723                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.SquashCycles       5760217                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.BlockedCycles      3471072                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           23                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.CacheLines        12126565                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1999038                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::samples    228582996                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.616413                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.967880                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::0      204413273     89.43%     89.43% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::1        1313525      0.57%     90.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::2        2071432      0.91%     90.91% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::3        3298293      1.44%     92.35% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::4        1362545      0.60%     92.95% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::5        1525784      0.67%     93.61% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::6        1626647      0.71%     94.33% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::7        1060727      0.46%     94.79% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::8       11910770      5.21%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::total    228582996                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.branchRate        0.081042                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rate              0.459893                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.decode.IdleCycles      195391100                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BlockedCycles      5303162                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus12.decode.RunCycles        24094530                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus12.decode.UnblockCycles        61398                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.decode.SquashCycles      3732802                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BranchResolved      3331312                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BranchMispred          464                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus12.decode.DecodedInsts    140816694                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus12.decode.SquashedInsts         3007                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus12.rename.SquashCycles      3732802                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.rename.IdleCycles      195692041                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus12.rename.BlockCycles       1700339                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus12.rename.serializeStallCycles      2736511                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RunCycles        23860558                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus12.rename.UnblockCycles       860741                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenamedInsts    140735343                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus12.rename.ROBFullEvents        26024                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.IQFullEvents       241440                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.LSQFullEvents       325159                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.FullRegisterEvents        40316                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenamedOperands    195393543                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenameLookups    654702435                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus12.rename.int_rename_lookups    654702435                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus12.rename.CommittedMaps    166838904                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.UndoneMaps       28554428                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus12.rename.serializingInsts        35834                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.tempSerializingInsts        19701                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.skidInsts         2592840                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.insertedLoads     13410793                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.insertedStores      7205862                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.conflictingLoads       217248                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.conflictingStores      1638244                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqInstsAdded        140537412                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        35941                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqInstsIssued       133027726                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       162804                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     17819211                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     39599451                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         3405                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    228582996                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.581967                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.273810                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    172497926     75.46%     75.46% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     22507428      9.85%     85.31% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     12309169      5.38%     90.70% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      8390519      3.67%     94.37% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      7849638      3.43%     97.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      2257372      0.99%     98.79% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      1762624      0.77%     99.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       597313      0.26%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       411007      0.18%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    228582996                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         30981     12.51%     12.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::MemRead        95920     38.73%     51.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       120781     48.76%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    111442381     83.77%     83.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      2103145      1.58%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        16130      0.01%     85.37% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.37% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.37% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.37% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     12294474      9.24%     94.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      7171596      5.39%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::total    133027726                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.rate                 0.530555                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_busy_cnt            247682                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001862                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    495048934                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    158394003                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    130887595                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_alu_accesses    133275408                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       402364                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2399239                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          349                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         1465                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       205894                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         8282                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewSquashCycles      3732802                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewBlockCycles       1134407                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewUnblockCycles       119188                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    140573488                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        57720                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     13410793                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      7205862                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        19688                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewIQFullEvents        87562                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           36                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus12.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         1465                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus12.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1159251                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus12.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1131765                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus12.iew.branchMispredicts      2291016                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecutedInsts    131133420                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     11563435                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1894306                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_nop                 135                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_refs           18733407                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_branches       18450197                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_stores          7169972                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_rate           0.523000                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_sent            130888618                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_count           130887595                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_producers        76534253                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_consumers       199974086                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_rate             0.522020                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_fanout           0.382721                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitCommittedInsts     98000147                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitCommittedOps    120123132                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitSquashedInsts     20450335                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        32536                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus12.commit.branchMispredicts      2025503                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    224850194                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.534236                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.387900                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    176083470     78.31%     78.31% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     23620650     10.51%     88.82% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      9194064      4.09%     92.91% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      4949337      2.20%     95.11% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      3710412      1.65%     96.76% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      2070962      0.92%     97.68% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1279235      0.57%     98.25% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::7      1142037      0.51%     98.75% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2800027      1.25%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    224850194                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committedInsts     98000147                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committedOps    120123132                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.refs             18011496                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.loads            11011535                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.membars             16232                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.branches         17243170                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.int_insts       108239865                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.function_calls      2440227                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.bw_lim_events      2800027                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus12.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus12.rob.rob_reads          362622971                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus12.rob.rob_writes         284880133                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus12.timesIdled               3182284                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus12.idleCycles              22150154                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus12.committedInsts          98000147                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.committedOps           120123132                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.committedInsts_total     98000147                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.cpi                     2.558498                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus12.cpi_total               2.558498                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus12.ipc                     0.390854                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus12.ipc_total               0.390854                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus12.int_regfile_reads      591352830                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus12.int_regfile_writes     181435302                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus12.misc_regfile_reads     131335120                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus12.misc_regfile_writes        32506                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus13.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus13.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.workload.num_syscalls                 55                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus13.numCycles              250733372                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus13.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus13.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.lookups       22688763                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.condPredicted     18894130                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      2066041                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      8968171                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBHits        8321711                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.usedRAS        2444896                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        96615                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.icacheStallCycles    197656050                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Insts            124488899                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Branches          22688763                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.predictedBranches     10766607                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Cycles            25958786                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.SquashCycles       5733009                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.BlockedCycles      6780817                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.CacheLines        12272335                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1974801                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::samples    234043956                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.653551                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.027958                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::0      208085170     88.91%     88.91% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::1        1591281      0.68%     89.59% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::2        2017236      0.86%     90.45% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::3        3202152      1.37%     91.82% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::4        1336145      0.57%     92.39% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::5        1723976      0.74%     93.13% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::6        2012234      0.86%     93.99% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::7         916473      0.39%     94.38% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::8       13159289      5.62%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::total    234043956                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.branchRate        0.090490                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rate              0.496499                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.decode.IdleCycles      196500358                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BlockedCycles      8048009                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus13.decode.RunCycles        25835626                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus13.decode.UnblockCycles        12091                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.decode.SquashCycles      3647865                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BranchResolved      3449235                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BranchMispred          438                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus13.decode.DecodedInsts    152138150                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus13.decode.SquashedInsts         2440                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus13.rename.SquashCycles      3647865                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.rename.IdleCycles      196698342                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus13.rename.BlockCycles        634186                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus13.rename.serializeStallCycles      6863686                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RunCycles        25650085                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus13.rename.UnblockCycles       549786                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenamedInsts    151199982                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus13.rename.ROBFullEvents          149                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.IQFullEvents        79349                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.LSQFullEvents       383958                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenamedOperands    211229780                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenameLookups    703192785                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus13.rename.int_rename_lookups    703192785                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus13.rename.CommittedMaps    176942088                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.UndoneMaps       34287692                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus13.rename.serializingInsts        37358                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.tempSerializingInsts        19809                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.skidInsts         1935491                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.insertedLoads     14136640                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.insertedStores      7400228                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.conflictingLoads        82963                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.conflictingStores      1676352                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqInstsAdded        147642952                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        37490                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqInstsIssued       141729804                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       138578                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     17784707                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     36058214                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         2093                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    234043956                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.605569                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.326434                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    173970531     74.33%     74.33% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     27418484     11.72%     86.05% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     11197416      4.78%     90.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      6269375      2.68%     93.51% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      8505340      3.63%     97.14% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      2611783      1.12%     98.26% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      2577180      1.10%     99.36% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::7      1385768      0.59%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       108079      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    234043956                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        976721     79.20%     79.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     79.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     79.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     79.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::MemRead       130205     10.56%     89.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       126378     10.25%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    119407274     84.25%     84.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      1938111      1.37%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        17548      0.01%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     12989469      9.16%     94.79% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      7377402      5.21%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::total    141729804                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.rate                 0.565261                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_busy_cnt           1233304                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.008702                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    518875446                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    165465827                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    138044621                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_alu_accesses    142963108                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       105056                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2636123                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           59                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          681                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        92155                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked           63                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewSquashCycles      3647865                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewBlockCycles        483568                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewUnblockCycles        61124                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    147680447                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts       114752                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     14136640                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      7400228                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        19810                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewIQFullEvents        53418                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           55                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus13.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          681                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus13.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1230935                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus13.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1149905                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus13.iew.branchMispredicts      2380840                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecutedInsts    139261205                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     12776915                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      2468599                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_nop                   5                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_refs           20153876                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_branches       19695612                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_stores          7376961                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_rate           0.555416                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_sent            138044906                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_count           138044621                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_producers        82712770                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_consumers       222196909                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_rate             0.550563                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_fanout           0.372250                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitCommittedInsts    102941448                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitCommittedOps    126848143                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitSquashedInsts     20832823                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        35397                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus13.commit.branchMispredicts      2083745                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    230396091                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.550566                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.370854                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    176703524     76.70%     76.70% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     27209949     11.81%     88.51% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      9882372      4.29%     92.79% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      4924024      2.14%     94.93% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      4500453      1.95%     96.89% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      1892915      0.82%     97.71% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1868543      0.81%     98.52% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       890755      0.39%     98.90% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2523556      1.10%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    230396091                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committedInsts    102941448                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committedOps    126848143                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.refs             18808590                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.loads            11500517                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.membars             17658                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.branches         18386532                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.int_insts       114204518                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.function_calls      2619441                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.bw_lim_events      2523556                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus13.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus13.rob.rob_reads          375552786                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus13.rob.rob_writes         299009814                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus13.timesIdled               2996809                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus13.idleCycles              16689416                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus13.committedInsts         102941448                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.committedOps           126848143                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.committedInsts_total    102941448                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.cpi                     2.435689                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus13.cpi_total               2.435689                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus13.ipc                     0.410561                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus13.ipc_total               0.410561                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus13.int_regfile_reads      626654673                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus13.int_regfile_writes     192916191                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus13.misc_regfile_reads     140737699                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus13.misc_regfile_writes        35368                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus14.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus14.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.workload.num_syscalls                 53                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus14.numCycles              250733372                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus14.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus14.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.lookups       20639449                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.condPredicted     16886847                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      2023265                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      8662703                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBHits        8137561                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.usedRAS        2136050                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        92537                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.icacheStallCycles    199102697                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Insts            115359655                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Branches          20639449                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.predictedBranches     10273611                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Cycles            24097400                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.SquashCycles       5497676                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.BlockedCycles      4711968                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.CacheLines        12180246                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.IcacheSquashes      2024862                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::samples    231360230                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.612441                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.954021                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::0      207262830     89.58%     89.58% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::1        1126749      0.49%     90.07% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::2        1786404      0.77%     90.84% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::3        2422235      1.05%     91.89% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::4        2488951      1.08%     92.97% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::5        2103464      0.91%     93.88% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::6        1174080      0.51%     94.38% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::7        1753563      0.76%     95.14% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::8       11241954      4.86%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::total    231360230                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.branchRate        0.082316                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rate              0.460089                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.decode.IdleCycles      197081174                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BlockedCycles      6750486                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus14.decode.RunCycles        24054635                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus14.decode.UnblockCycles        26138                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.decode.SquashCycles      3447792                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BranchResolved      3397568                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BranchMispred          374                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus14.decode.DecodedInsts    141588872                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus14.decode.SquashedInsts         1971                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus14.rename.SquashCycles      3447792                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.rename.IdleCycles      197618898                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus14.rename.BlockCycles       1390885                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus14.rename.serializeStallCycles      4124691                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RunCycles        23549997                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus14.rename.UnblockCycles      1227962                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenamedInsts    141539456                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus14.rename.ROBFullEvents          184                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.IQFullEvents       168004                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.LSQFullEvents       535151                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenamedOperands    197518102                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenameLookups    658423221                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus14.rename.int_rename_lookups    658423221                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus14.rename.CommittedMaps    171521021                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.UndoneMaps       25997081                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus14.rename.serializingInsts        35490                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.tempSerializingInsts        18629                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.skidInsts         3674196                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.insertedLoads     13263277                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.insertedStores      7182936                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.conflictingLoads        84801                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.conflictingStores      1751757                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqInstsAdded        141377441                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        35614                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqInstsIssued       134394860                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        18327                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     15425672                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     36739313                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         1611                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    231360230                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.580890                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.271527                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    174428838     75.39%     75.39% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     23455951     10.14%     85.53% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     11874252      5.13%     90.66% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      8915885      3.85%     94.52% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      7007628      3.03%     97.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      2832724      1.22%     98.77% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      1789773      0.77%     99.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       931452      0.40%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       123727      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    231360230                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         25229     11.30%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::MemRead        81798     36.64%     47.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       116238     52.06%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    113036665     84.11%     84.11% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      2001221      1.49%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        16859      0.01%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     12180101      9.06%     94.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      7160014      5.33%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::total    134394860                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.rate                 0.536007                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_busy_cnt            223265                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001661                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    500391542                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    156839274                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    132370130                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_alu_accesses    134618125                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       271851                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2120622                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          119                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          548                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        94371                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewSquashCycles      3447792                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewBlockCycles       1111806                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewUnblockCycles       119911                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    141413199                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        31201                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     13263277                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      7182936                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        18631                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewIQFullEvents       101303                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           11                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus14.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          548                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus14.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1180656                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus14.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1131114                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus14.iew.branchMispredicts      2311770                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecutedInsts    132530046                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     11461162                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1864814                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_nop                 144                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_refs           18620899                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_branches       18839307                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_stores          7159737                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_rate           0.528570                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_sent            132370372                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_count           132370130                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_producers        75986094                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_consumers       204740242                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_rate             0.527932                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_fanout           0.371134                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitCommittedInsts     99985701                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitCommittedOps    123031270                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitSquashedInsts     18381969                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        34003                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus14.commit.branchMispredicts      2048770                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    227912438                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.539818                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.388070                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    177416055     77.84%     77.84% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     25040987     10.99%     88.83% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      9447633      4.15%     92.98% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      4502365      1.98%     94.95% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      3817713      1.68%     96.63% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      2179325      0.96%     97.58% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1892160      0.83%     98.41% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       862115      0.38%     98.79% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2754085      1.21%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    227912438                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committedInsts     99985701                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committedOps    123031270                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.refs             18231220                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.loads            11142655                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.membars             16964                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.branches         17741324                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.int_insts       110849643                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.function_calls      2533461                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.bw_lim_events      2754085                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus14.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus14.rob.rob_reads          366570903                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus14.rob.rob_writes         286274323                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus14.timesIdled               3018451                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus14.idleCycles              19373142                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus14.committedInsts          99985701                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.committedOps           123031270                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.committedInsts_total     99985701                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.cpi                     2.507692                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus14.cpi_total               2.507692                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus14.ipc                     0.398773                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus14.ipc_total               0.398773                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus14.int_regfile_reads      596505291                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus14.int_regfile_writes     184395737                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus14.misc_regfile_reads     131245502                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus14.misc_regfile_writes        33972                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus15.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus15.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.workload.num_syscalls                 51                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus15.numCycles              250733372                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus15.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus15.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.lookups       20333205                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.condPredicted     16631223                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      1981415                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      8386293                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBHits        8017268                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.usedRAS        2090267                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        88017                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.icacheStallCycles    197212010                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Insts            115413454                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Branches          20333205                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.predictedBranches     10107535                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Cycles            24183348                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.SquashCycles       5765210                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.BlockedCycles      3479188                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           23                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.CacheLines        12125859                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1997222                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::samples    228614954                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.616798                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.968571                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::0      204431606     89.42%     89.42% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::1        1313313      0.57%     90.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::2        2071844      0.91%     90.90% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::3        3299501      1.44%     92.35% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::4        1362915      0.60%     92.94% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::5        1521416      0.67%     93.61% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::6        1630534      0.71%     94.32% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::7        1058859      0.46%     94.78% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::8       11924966      5.22%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::total    228614954                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.branchRate        0.081095                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rate              0.460304                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.decode.IdleCycles      195389874                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BlockedCycles      5315711                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus15.decode.RunCycles        24107506                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus15.decode.UnblockCycles        61941                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.decode.SquashCycles      3739918                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BranchResolved      3331920                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BranchMispred          470                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus15.decode.DecodedInsts    140923186                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus15.decode.SquashedInsts         3054                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus15.rename.SquashCycles      3739918                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.rename.IdleCycles      195692855                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus15.rename.BlockCycles       1700624                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus15.rename.serializeStallCycles      2741022                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RunCycles        23872265                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus15.rename.UnblockCycles       868266                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenamedInsts    140841754                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus15.rename.ROBFullEvents        25513                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.IQFullEvents       242080                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.LSQFullEvents       328005                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.FullRegisterEvents        42803                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenamedOperands    195545667                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenameLookups    655200507                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus15.rename.int_rename_lookups    655200507                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus15.rename.CommittedMaps    166900876                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.UndoneMaps       28644597                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus15.rename.serializingInsts        35795                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.tempSerializingInsts        19655                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.skidInsts         2607535                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.insertedLoads     13410776                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.insertedStores      7210268                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.conflictingLoads       217452                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.conflictingStores      1640736                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqInstsAdded        140643534                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        35896                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqInstsIssued       133082960                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       163184                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     17880776                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     39843906                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         3348                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    228614954                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.582127                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.273983                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    172510368     75.46%     75.46% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     22511589      9.85%     85.31% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     12314742      5.39%     90.69% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      8393912      3.67%     94.36% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      7854846      3.44%     97.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      2256563      0.99%     98.79% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      1764324      0.77%     99.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       596872      0.26%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       411738      0.18%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    228614954                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         30985     12.53%     12.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::MemRead        95491     38.61%     51.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       120815     48.86%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    111487069     83.77%     83.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      2106107      1.58%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        16136      0.01%     85.37% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.37% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.37% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.37% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     12297270      9.24%     94.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      7176378      5.39%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::total    133082960                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.rate                 0.530775                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_busy_cnt            247291                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001858                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    495191349                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    158561646                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    130946155                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_alu_accesses    133330251                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       403093                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2395141                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          330                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         1468                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       207701                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         8309                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewSquashCycles      3739918                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewBlockCycles       1137479                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewUnblockCycles       118240                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    140679568                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        57853                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     13410776                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      7210268                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        19639                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewIQFullEvents        86475                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           34                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus15.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         1468                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus15.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1159498                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus15.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1132246                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus15.iew.branchMispredicts      2291744                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecutedInsts    131191721                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     11565974                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1891239                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_nop                 138                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_refs           18740629                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_branches       18456435                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_stores          7174655                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_rate           0.523232                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_sent            130947159                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_count           130946155                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_producers        76565021                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_consumers       200056372                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_rate             0.522253                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_fanout           0.382717                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitCommittedInsts     98036533                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitCommittedOps    120167733                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitSquashedInsts     20511854                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        32548                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus15.commit.branchMispredicts      2023371                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    224875036                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.534376                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.388087                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    176092140     78.31%     78.31% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     23626710     10.51%     88.81% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      9197812      4.09%     92.90% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      4953384      2.20%     95.11% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      3709257      1.65%     96.76% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      2072012      0.92%     97.68% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1279849      0.57%     98.25% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::7      1141911      0.51%     98.75% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2801961      1.25%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    224875036                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committedInsts     98036533                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committedOps    120167733                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.refs             18018182                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.loads            11015620                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.membars             16238                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.branches         17249568                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.int_insts       108280059                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.function_calls      2441134                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.bw_lim_events      2801961                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus15.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus15.rob.rob_reads          362751999                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus15.rob.rob_writes         285099483                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus15.timesIdled               3181653                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus15.idleCycles              22118418                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus15.committedInsts          98036533                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.committedOps           120167733                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.committedInsts_total     98036533                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.cpi                     2.557550                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus15.cpi_total               2.557550                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus15.ipc                     0.390999                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus15.ipc_total               0.390999                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus15.int_regfile_reads      591610988                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus15.int_regfile_writes     181520099                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus15.misc_regfile_reads     131444754                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus15.misc_regfile_writes        32518                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.l2.replacements                         320847                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tagsinuse                      32761.397245                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.total_refs                          2321718                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.sampled_refs                         353609                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.avg_refs                           6.565777                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.warmup_cycle                              0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.occ_blocks::writebacks           197.503848                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.inst     3.000582                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.data  1233.696971                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.inst     3.041079                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.data  1003.618492                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.inst     3.294867                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.data  2679.330948                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.inst     4.344179                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.data  1258.756706                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.inst     2.890743                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.data  1655.761014                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.inst     3.225439                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.data  1770.577264                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.inst     3.125992                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.data  2708.519851                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.inst     3.031075                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.data  1022.346865                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.inst     3.344710                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.data  2065.777818                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.inst     4.162341                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.data  2063.874060                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.inst     2.986639                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.data  1019.708671                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.inst     2.666315                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.data  1753.005850                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.inst     3.263937                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.data  2037.617597                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.inst     2.656078                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.data  1011.843225                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.inst     2.942541                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.data  1247.075248                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.inst     3.139032                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.data  2041.073936                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu00.data           374.446543                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu01.data           321.793255                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu02.data           472.226963                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu03.data           321.442200                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu04.data           382.452157                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu05.data           368.114044                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu06.data           435.317806                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu07.data           275.782686                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu08.data           416.572476                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu09.data           421.467638                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu10.data           287.991625                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu11.data           387.651738                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu12.data           419.894333                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu13.data           292.457003                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu14.data           345.277999                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu15.data           417.304866                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_percent::writebacks            0.006027                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000092                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.data     0.037649                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000093                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.data     0.030628                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000101                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.data     0.081767                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000133                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.data     0.038414                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000088                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.data     0.050530                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000098                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.data     0.054034                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000095                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.data     0.082657                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000093                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.data     0.031200                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000102                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.data     0.063043                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000127                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.data     0.062984                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000091                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.data     0.031119                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000081                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.data     0.053497                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000100                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.data     0.062183                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000081                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.data     0.030879                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000090                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.data     0.038058                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000096                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.data     0.062289                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu00.data            0.011427                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu01.data            0.009820                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu02.data            0.014411                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu03.data            0.009810                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu04.data            0.011672                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu05.data            0.011234                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu06.data            0.013285                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu07.data            0.008416                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu08.data            0.012713                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu09.data            0.012862                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu10.data            0.008789                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu11.data            0.011830                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu12.data            0.012814                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu13.data            0.008925                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu14.data            0.010537                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu15.data            0.012735                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::total                 0.999798                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            3                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data        27208                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data        25507                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data        49454                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data        26594                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data        35255                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data        35840                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data        49030                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data        25174                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data        42708                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data        42702                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data        25097                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data        35990                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data        42513                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data        25128                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            3                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data        26879                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data        42519                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::total                  557623                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.Writeback_hits::writebacks           170424                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.Writeback_hits::total                170424                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data          149                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data          207                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data           78                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data          146                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data           69                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data          153                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data           69                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data          211                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data          135                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data          134                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data          208                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data          152                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data          134                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data          209                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data          146                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data          134                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                  2334                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            3                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.data        27357                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.data        25714                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.data        49532                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.data        26740                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.data        35324                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.data        35993                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.data        49099                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.data        25385                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.data        42843                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.data        42836                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.data        25305                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.data        36142                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.data        42647                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.data        25337                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            3                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.data        27025                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.data        42653                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                   559957                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            3                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.data        27357                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.data        25714                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.data        49532                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.data        26740                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.data        35324                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.data        35993                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.data        49099                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.data        25385                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.data        42843                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.data        42836                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.data        25305                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.data        36142                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.data        42647                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.data        25337                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            3                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.data        27025                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.data        42653                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                  559957                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data        13514                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data        10586                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           42                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data        31146                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data        14116                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data        18963                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data        19521                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data        31495                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data        10914                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data        28620                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data        28543                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data        10964                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data        19361                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data        28759                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data        10912                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data        13848                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data        28813                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::total                320688                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data            4                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data            4                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data            9                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data            5                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total                  22                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.data        13514                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.data        10586                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           42                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.data        31146                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.data        14116                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.data        18967                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.data        19525                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.data        31504                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.data        10914                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.data        28620                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.data        28543                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.data        10964                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.data        19366                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.data        28759                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.data        10912                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.data        13848                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.data        28813                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                 320710                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           39                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.data        13514                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           36                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.data        10586                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           42                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.data        31146                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           40                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.data        14116                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           34                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.data        18967                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           37                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.data        19525                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           39                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.data        31504                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           39                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.data        10914                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           41                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.data        28620                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           39                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.data        28543                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           36                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.data        10964                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           37                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.data        19366                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           39                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.data        28759                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           36                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.data        10912                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           40                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.data        13848                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           39                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.data        28813                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                320710                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      5770770                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   2206466900                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      5557400                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   1740943830                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      6395654                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   5074495819                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      6120799                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   2310358956                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      5046492                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   3085738855                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      5693113                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   3216756273                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      5753873                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   5118709537                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      5871244                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   1792134076                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      6288709                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   4693189920                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      5987235                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   4681556765                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      5485466                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   1797189267                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      5704727                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   3185718295                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      5933017                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   4719816028                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      5389634                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   1789782841                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      6129146                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   2259256500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      5797811                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   4728619935                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     52493658887                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data       666679                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data       643619                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data      1380964                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data       773968                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total       3465230                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      5770770                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   2206466900                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      5557400                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   1740943830                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      6395654                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   5074495819                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      6120799                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   2310358956                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      5046492                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   3086405534                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      5693113                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   3217399892                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      5753873                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   5120090501                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      5871244                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   1792134076                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      6288709                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   4693189920                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      5987235                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   4681556765                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      5485466                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   1797189267                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      5704727                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   3186492263                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      5933017                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   4719816028                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      5389634                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   1789782841                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      6129146                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   2259256500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      5797811                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   4728619935                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total      52497124117                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      5770770                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   2206466900                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      5557400                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   1740943830                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      6395654                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   5074495819                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      6120799                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   2310358956                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      5046492                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   3086405534                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      5693113                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   3217399892                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      5753873                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   5120090501                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      5871244                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   1792134076                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      6288709                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   4693189920                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      5987235                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   4681556765                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      5485466                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   1797189267                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      5704727                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   3186492263                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      5933017                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   4719816028                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      5389634                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   1789782841                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      6129146                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   2259256500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      5797811                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   4728619935                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total     52497124117                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           42                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data        40722                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data        36093                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           43                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data        80600                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           42                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data        40710                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data        54218                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data        55361                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data        80525                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data        36088                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           42                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data        71328                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data        71245                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data        36061                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data        55351                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data        71272                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data        36040                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           43                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data        40727                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data        71332                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::total              878311                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::writebacks       170424                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::total            170424                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data          149                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data          207                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data           78                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data          146                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data           73                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data          157                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data           78                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data          211                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data          135                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data          134                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data          208                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data          157                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data          134                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data          209                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data          146                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data          134                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total              2356                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           42                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.data        40871                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.data        36300                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           43                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.data        80678                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           42                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.data        40856                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.data        54291                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.data        55518                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.data        80603                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.data        36299                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           42                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.data        71463                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.data        71379                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.data        36269                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.data        55508                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.data        71406                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.data        36249                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           43                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.data        40873                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.data        71466                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total               880667                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           42                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.data        40871                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           38                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.data        36300                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           43                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.data        80678                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           42                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.data        40856                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           35                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.data        54291                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           38                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.data        55518                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           40                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.data        80603                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           41                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.data        36299                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           42                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.data        71463                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           40                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.data        71379                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           38                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.data        36269                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           38                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.data        55508                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           40                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.data        71406                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           38                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.data        36249                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           43                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.data        40873                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           40                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.data        71466                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total              880667                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.928571                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.331860                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.947368                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.293298                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.976744                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.386427                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.952381                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.346745                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.349755                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.973684                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.352613                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.975000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.391121                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.951220                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.302427                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.976190                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.401245                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.975000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.400632                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.947368                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.304040                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.973684                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.349786                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.975000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.403510                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.947368                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.302775                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.930233                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.340020                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.975000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.403928                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::total           0.365119                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.054795                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.025478                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.115385                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.031847                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.009338                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.928571                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.330650                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.947368                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.291625                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.976744                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.386053                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.952381                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.345506                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.349358                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.973684                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.351688                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.975000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.390854                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.951220                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.300669                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.976190                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.400487                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.975000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.399880                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.947368                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.302297                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.973684                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.348887                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.975000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.402753                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.947368                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.301029                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.930233                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.338806                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.975000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.403171                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.364167                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.928571                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.330650                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.947368                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.291625                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.976744                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.386053                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.952381                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.345506                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.349358                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.973684                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.351688                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.975000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.390854                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.951220                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.300669                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.976190                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.400487                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.975000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.399880                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.947368                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.302297                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.973684                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.348887                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.975000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.402753                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.947368                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.301029                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.930233                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.338806                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.975000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.403171                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.364167                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 147968.461538                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 163272.672784                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 154372.222222                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 164457.191574                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 152277.476190                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 162926.084216                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 153019.975000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 163669.520827                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 148426.235294                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 162724.192111                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 153867.918919                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 164784.400031                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 147535.205128                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 162524.513002                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 150544.717949                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 164205.064688                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 153383.146341                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 163982.876310                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 153518.846154                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 164017.684371                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 152374.055556                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 163917.299070                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 154181.810811                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 164543.065699                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 152128.641026                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 164116.138531                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 149712.055556                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 164019.688508                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 153228.650000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 163146.772097                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 148661.820513                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 164114.112900                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 163690.748912                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 166669.750000                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 160904.750000                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 153440.444444                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 154793.600000                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 157510.454545                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 147968.461538                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 163272.672784                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 154372.222222                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 164457.191574                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 152277.476190                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 162926.084216                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 153019.975000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 163669.520827                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 148426.235294                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 162725.024200                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 153867.918919                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 164783.605224                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 147535.205128                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 162521.917883                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 150544.717949                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 164205.064688                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 153383.146341                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 163982.876310                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 153518.846154                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 164017.684371                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 152374.055556                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 163917.299070                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 154181.810811                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 164540.548539                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 152128.641026                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 164116.138531                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 149712.055556                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 164019.688508                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 153228.650000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 163146.772097                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 148661.820513                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 164114.112900                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 163690.324957                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 147968.461538                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 163272.672784                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 154372.222222                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 164457.191574                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 152277.476190                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 162926.084216                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 153019.975000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 163669.520827                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 148426.235294                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 162725.024200                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 153867.918919                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 164783.605224                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 147535.205128                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 162521.917883                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 150544.717949                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 164205.064688                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 153383.146341                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 163982.876310                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 153518.846154                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 164017.684371                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 152374.055556                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 163917.299070                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 154181.810811                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 164540.548539                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 152128.641026                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 164116.138531                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 149712.055556                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 164019.688508                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 153228.650000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 163146.772097                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 148661.820513                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 164114.112900                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 163690.324957                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.fast_writes                               0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2.cache_copies                              0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks                89891                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                     89891                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data        13514                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data        10586                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           42                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data        31146                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data        14116                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data        18963                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data        19521                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data        31495                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data        10914                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data        28620                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data        28543                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data        10964                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data        19361                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data        28759                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data        10912                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data        13848                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data        28813                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           320688                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data            4                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data            4                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data            9                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data            5                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total             22                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data        13514                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data        10586                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           42                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data        31146                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data        14116                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data        18967                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data        19525                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data        31504                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data        10914                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data        28620                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data        28543                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data        10964                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data        19366                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data        28759                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data        10912                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data        13848                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data        28813                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total            320710                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data        13514                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data        10586                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           42                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data        31146                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           40                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data        14116                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           34                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data        18967                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data        19525                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data        31504                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data        10914                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           41                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data        28620                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data        28543                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data        10964                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data        19366                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data        28759                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data        10912                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           40                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data        13848                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data        28813                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total           320710                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      3501977                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   1419514985                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      3466039                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   1124613064                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      3953766                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   3261507756                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      3795488                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   1488325667                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      3065436                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   1981113330                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      3536646                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   2079871589                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      3481853                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   3285487730                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      3604061                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   1156635130                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      3904880                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   3026734614                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      3716725                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   3019584937                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      3393546                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   1158734019                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      3551594                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   2058217125                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      3663234                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   3045335760                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      3294630                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   1154399052                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      3803415                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   1452835041                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      3528688                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   3050817186                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  33820988963                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data       433819                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data       409540                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data       855894                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data       481763                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      2181016                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      3501977                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   1419514985                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      3466039                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   1124613064                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      3953766                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   3261507756                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      3795488                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   1488325667                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      3065436                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   1981547149                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      3536646                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   2080281129                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      3481853                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   3286343624                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      3604061                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   1156635130                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      3904880                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   3026734614                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      3716725                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   3019584937                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      3393546                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   1158734019                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      3551594                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   2058698888                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      3663234                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   3045335760                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      3294630                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   1154399052                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      3803415                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   1452835041                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      3528688                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   3050817186                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  33823169979                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      3501977                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   1419514985                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      3466039                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   1124613064                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      3953766                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   3261507756                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      3795488                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   1488325667                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      3065436                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   1981547149                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      3536646                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   2080281129                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      3481853                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   3286343624                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      3604061                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   1156635130                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      3904880                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   3026734614                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      3716725                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   3019584937                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      3393546                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   1158734019                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      3551594                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   2058698888                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      3663234                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   3045335760                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      3294630                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   1154399052                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      3803415                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   1452835041                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      3528688                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   3050817186                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  33823169979                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.928571                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.331860                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.947368                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.293298                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.976744                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.386427                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.952381                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.346745                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.349755                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.973684                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.352613                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.975000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.391121                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.951220                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.302427                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.976190                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.401245                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.975000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.400632                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.947368                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.304040                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.973684                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.349786                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.975000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.403510                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.947368                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.302775                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.930233                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.340020                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.975000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.403928                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.365119                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.054795                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.025478                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.115385                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.031847                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.009338                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.928571                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.330650                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.947368                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.291625                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.976744                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.386053                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.952381                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.345506                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.349358                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.973684                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.351688                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.975000                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.390854                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.951220                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.300669                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.976190                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.400487                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.975000                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.399880                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.947368                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.302297                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.973684                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.348887                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.975000                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.402753                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.947368                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.301029                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.930233                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.338806                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.975000                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.403171                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.364167                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.928571                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.330650                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.947368                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.291625                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.976744                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.386053                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.952381                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.345506                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.349358                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.973684                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.351688                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.975000                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.390854                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.951220                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.300669                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.976190                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.400487                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.975000                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.399880                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.947368                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.302297                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.973684                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.348887                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.975000                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.402753                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.947368                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.301029                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.930233                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.338806                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.975000                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.403171                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.364167                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 89794.282051                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 105040.327438                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 96278.861111                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 106235.883620                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 94137.285714                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 104716.745521                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 94887.200000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 105435.368872                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 90159.882353                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 104472.569214                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 95585.027027                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 106545.340351                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 89278.282051                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 104317.756152                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 92411.820513                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 105977.197178                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 95240.975610                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 105755.926415                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 95300.641026                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 105790.734576                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 94265.166667                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 105685.335553                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 95989.027027                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 106307.376943                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 93929.076923                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 105891.573420                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 91517.500000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 105791.701979                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 95085.375000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 104912.986785                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 90479.179487                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 105883.357720                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 105463.843246                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 108454.750000                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data       102385                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 95099.333333                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 96352.600000                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 99137.090909                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 89794.282051                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 105040.327438                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 96278.861111                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 106235.883620                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 94137.285714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 104716.745521                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 94887.200000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 105435.368872                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 90159.882353                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 104473.409026                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 95585.027027                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 106544.488041                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 89278.282051                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 104315.122651                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 92411.820513                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 105977.197178                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 95240.975610                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 105755.926415                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 95300.641026                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 105790.734576                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 94265.166667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 105685.335553                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 95989.027027                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 106304.806775                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 93929.076923                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 105891.573420                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 91517.500000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 105791.701979                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 95085.375000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 104912.986785                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 90479.179487                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 105883.357720                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 105463.409245                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 89794.282051                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 105040.327438                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 96278.861111                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 106235.883620                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 94137.285714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 104716.745521                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 94887.200000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 105435.368872                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 90159.882353                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 104473.409026                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 95585.027027                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 106544.488041                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 89278.282051                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 104315.122651                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 92411.820513                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 105977.197178                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 95240.975610                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 105755.926415                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 95300.641026                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 105790.734576                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 94265.166667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 105685.335553                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 95989.027027                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 106304.806775                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 93929.076923                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 105891.573420                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 91517.500000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 105791.701979                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 95085.375000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 104912.986785                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 90479.179487                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 105883.357720                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 105463.409245                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.no_allocate_misses                        0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu00.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu00.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu00.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu00.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu00.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu00.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu00.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu00.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu00.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu00.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu00.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu00.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu00.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu00.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu00.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu00.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu00.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu00.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu00.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu00.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu00.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu00.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu00.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu00.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu00.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu00.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu00.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu00.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu00.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu00.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu00.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu00.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu00.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu00.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu00.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu00.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu00.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu00.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu00.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu00.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu00.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu00.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu00.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu00.icache.tagsinuse              515.974112                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu00.icache.total_refs             1012192436                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.sampled_refs                  517                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.avg_refs             1957819.025145                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu00.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.inst    40.974112                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.icache.occ_blocks::cpu00.inst          475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.inst     0.065664                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::cpu00.inst     0.761218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::total       0.826882                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.inst     12184340                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      12184340                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.inst     12184340                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_hits::total       12184340                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.inst     12184340                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_hits::total      12184340                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           47                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           47                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           47                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_misses::total           47                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           47                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_misses::total           47                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      7832903                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      7832903                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      7832903                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      7832903                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      7832903                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      7832903                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst     12184387                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     12184387                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst     12184387                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_accesses::total     12184387                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst     12184387                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_accesses::total     12184387                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 166657.510638                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 166657.510638                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 166657.510638                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 166657.510638                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 166657.510638                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 166657.510638                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu00.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            5                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            5                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            5                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           42                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           42                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           42                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           42                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           42                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           42                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      6746402                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6746402                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      6746402                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      6746402                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      6746402                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      6746402                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 160628.619048                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 160628.619048                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 160628.619048                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 160628.619048                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 160628.619048                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 160628.619048                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu00.dcache.replacements                40871                       # number of replacements
system.cpu00.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu00.dcache.total_refs              166567858                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.sampled_refs                41127                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_refs              4050.085297                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.data   233.148348                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu00.data    22.851652                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.data     0.910736                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::cpu00.data     0.089264                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data      8381818                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       8381818                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data      7056099                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      7056099                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data        18559                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        18559                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data        16989                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        16989                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.data     15437917                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_hits::total       15437917                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.data     15437917                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_hits::total      15437917                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data       130819                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       130819                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data          863                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          863                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.data       131682                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_misses::total       131682                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.data       131682                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_misses::total       131682                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data  16022245633                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  16022245633                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data     74285724                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     74285724                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data  16096531357                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  16096531357                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data  16096531357                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  16096531357                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data      8512637                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      8512637                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data      7056962                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      7056962                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data        18559                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        18559                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data        16989                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        16989                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.data     15569599                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_accesses::total     15569599                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.data     15569599                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_accesses::total     15569599                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.015368                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.015368                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.000122                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000122                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.008458                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008458                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.008458                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008458                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 122476.441748                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 122476.441748                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 86078.475087                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 86078.475087                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 122237.901589                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 122237.901589                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 122237.901589                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 122237.901589                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu00.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu00.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         8598                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu00.dcache.writebacks::total            8598                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data        90097                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        90097                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data          714                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          714                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data        90811                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        90811                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data        90811                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        90811                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data        40722                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        40722                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data          149                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          149                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data        40871                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        40871                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data        40871                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        40871                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   4168352695                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   4168352695                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data      9942641                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      9942641                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   4178295336                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   4178295336                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   4178295336                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   4178295336                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.004784                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004784                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.002625                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002625                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.002625                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002625                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 102361.197756                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 102361.197756                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 66729.134228                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 66729.134228                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 102231.296910                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 102231.296910                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 102231.296910                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 102231.296910                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu01.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu01.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu01.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu01.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu01.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu01.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu01.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu01.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu01.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu01.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu01.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu01.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu01.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu01.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu01.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu01.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu01.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu01.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu01.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu01.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu01.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu01.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu01.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu01.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu01.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu01.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu01.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu01.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu01.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu01.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu01.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu01.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu01.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu01.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu01.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu01.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu01.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu01.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu01.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu01.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu01.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu01.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu01.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu01.icache.tagsinuse              492.274996                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu01.icache.total_refs             1015374997                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.sampled_refs                  493                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.avg_refs             2059584.172414                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu01.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.inst    37.274996                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.icache.occ_blocks::cpu01.inst          455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.inst     0.059736                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::cpu01.inst     0.729167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::total       0.788902                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.inst     12275557                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      12275557                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.inst     12275557                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_hits::total       12275557                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.inst     12275557                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_hits::total      12275557                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           50                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           50                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           50                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_misses::total           50                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           50                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_misses::total           50                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      8962524                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      8962524                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      8962524                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      8962524                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      8962524                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      8962524                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst     12275607                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     12275607                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst     12275607                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_accesses::total     12275607                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst     12275607                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_accesses::total     12275607                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 179250.480000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 179250.480000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 179250.480000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 179250.480000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 179250.480000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 179250.480000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu01.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst           12                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst           12                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst           12                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      7254713                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      7254713                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      7254713                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      7254713                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      7254713                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      7254713                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 190913.500000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 190913.500000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 190913.500000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 190913.500000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 190913.500000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 190913.500000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu01.dcache.replacements                36299                       # number of replacements
system.cpu01.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu01.dcache.total_refs              164335988                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.sampled_refs                36555                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_refs              4495.581671                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.data   233.433081                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu01.data    22.566919                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.data     0.911848                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::cpu01.data     0.088152                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data      9788655                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       9788655                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data      7274113                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      7274113                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data        19448                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        19448                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data        17691                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        17691                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.data     17062768                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_hits::total       17062768                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.data     17062768                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_hits::total      17062768                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data        93048                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        93048                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data         2085                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         2085                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.data        95133                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_misses::total        95133                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.data        95133                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_misses::total        95133                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   9964863695                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   9964863695                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    137309800                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    137309800                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data  10102173495                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  10102173495                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data  10102173495                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  10102173495                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data      9881703                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      9881703                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data      7276198                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      7276198                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data        19448                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        19448                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data        17691                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        17691                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.data     17157901                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_accesses::total     17157901                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.data     17157901                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_accesses::total     17157901                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.009416                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009416                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.000287                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000287                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.005545                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005545                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.005545                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005545                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 107093.797771                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 107093.797771                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 65856.019185                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 65856.019185                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 106190.002365                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 106190.002365                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 106190.002365                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 106190.002365                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets       139191                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked::no_targets             5                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets 27838.200000                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu01.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu01.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         7933                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu01.dcache.writebacks::total            7933                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data        56955                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        56955                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data         1878                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total         1878                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data        58833                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        58833                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data        58833                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        58833                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data        36093                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        36093                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data          207                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          207                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data        36300                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        36300                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data        36300                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        36300                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   3554584067                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3554584067                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data     15676322                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     15676322                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   3570260389                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   3570260389                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   3570260389                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   3570260389                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.003653                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003653                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.000028                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000028                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.002116                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002116                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.002116                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002116                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 98484.029230                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 98484.029230                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 75731.024155                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 75731.024155                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 98354.280689                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 98354.280689                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 98354.280689                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 98354.280689                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu02.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu02.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu02.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu02.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu02.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu02.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu02.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu02.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu02.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu02.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu02.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu02.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu02.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu02.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu02.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu02.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu02.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu02.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu02.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu02.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu02.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu02.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu02.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu02.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu02.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu02.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu02.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu02.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu02.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu02.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu02.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu02.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu02.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu02.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu02.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu02.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu02.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu02.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu02.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu02.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu02.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu02.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu02.icache.replacements                    3                       # number of replacements
system.cpu02.icache.tagsinuse              581.471485                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu02.icache.total_refs             1042829903                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.sampled_refs                  586                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.avg_refs             1779573.213311                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu02.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.inst    41.453299                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.icache.occ_blocks::cpu02.inst   540.018186                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.inst     0.066432                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::cpu02.inst     0.865414                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::total       0.931845                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.inst     11873138                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      11873138                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.inst     11873138                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_hits::total       11873138                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.inst     11873138                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_hits::total      11873138                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           56                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           56                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           56                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_misses::total           56                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           56                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_misses::total           56                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      8828518                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      8828518                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      8828518                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      8828518                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      8828518                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      8828518                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst     11873194                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     11873194                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst     11873194                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_accesses::total     11873194                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst     11873194                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_accesses::total     11873194                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 157652.107143                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 157652.107143                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 157652.107143                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 157652.107143                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 157652.107143                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 157652.107143                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu02.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst           13                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           43                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           43                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           43                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           43                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           43                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           43                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      6992761                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6992761                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      6992761                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      6992761                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      6992761                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      6992761                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 162622.348837                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 162622.348837                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 162622.348837                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 162622.348837                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 162622.348837                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 162622.348837                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu02.dcache.replacements                80678                       # number of replacements
system.cpu02.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu02.dcache.total_refs              450341642                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.sampled_refs                80934                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_refs              5564.307238                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.data   111.898837                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu02.data   144.101163                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.data     0.437105                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::cpu02.data     0.562895                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data     31136317                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      31136317                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data     17049744                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total     17049744                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data         8784                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         8784                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data         8321                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         8321                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.data     48186061                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_hits::total       48186061                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.data     48186061                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_hits::total      48186061                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data       286002                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       286002                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data          260                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          260                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.data       286262                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_misses::total       286262                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.data       286262                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_misses::total       286262                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data  34202157579                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  34202157579                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data     22251404                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     22251404                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data  34224408983                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  34224408983                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data  34224408983                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  34224408983                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data     31422319                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     31422319                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data     17050004                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     17050004                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data         8784                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         8784                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data         8321                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         8321                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.data     48472323                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_accesses::total     48472323                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.data     48472323                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_accesses::total     48472323                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.009102                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009102                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.000015                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000015                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.005906                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005906                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.005906                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005906                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 119587.127289                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 119587.127289                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 85582.323077                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 85582.323077                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 119556.242124                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 119556.242124                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 119556.242124                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 119556.242124                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu02.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu02.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        16684                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu02.dcache.writebacks::total           16684                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data       205402                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       205402                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data          182                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          182                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data       205584                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       205584                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data       205584                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       205584                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data        80600                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        80600                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data           78                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           78                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data        80678                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        80678                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data        80678                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        80678                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   8855103979                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   8855103979                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data      5460106                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5460106                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   8860564085                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   8860564085                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   8860564085                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   8860564085                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.002565                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002565                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.000005                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.001664                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001664                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.001664                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001664                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 109864.813635                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 109864.813635                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 70001.358974                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 70001.358974                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 109826.273395                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 109826.273395                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 109826.273395                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 109826.273395                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu03.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu03.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu03.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu03.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu03.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu03.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu03.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu03.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu03.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu03.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu03.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu03.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu03.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu03.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu03.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu03.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu03.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu03.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu03.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu03.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu03.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu03.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu03.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu03.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu03.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu03.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu03.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu03.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu03.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu03.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu03.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu03.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu03.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu03.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu03.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu03.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu03.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu03.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu03.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu03.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu03.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu03.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu03.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu03.icache.tagsinuse              516.069051                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu03.icache.total_refs             1012184857                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.sampled_refs                  517                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.avg_refs             1957804.365571                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu03.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.inst    41.069051                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.icache.occ_blocks::cpu03.inst          475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.inst     0.065816                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::cpu03.inst     0.761218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::total       0.827034                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.inst     12176761                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      12176761                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.inst     12176761                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_hits::total       12176761                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.inst     12176761                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_hits::total      12176761                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           51                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           51                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           51                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_misses::total           51                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           51                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_misses::total           51                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      8303239                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      8303239                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      8303239                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      8303239                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      8303239                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      8303239                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst     12176812                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     12176812                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst     12176812                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_accesses::total     12176812                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst     12176812                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_accesses::total     12176812                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 162808.607843                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 162808.607843                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 162808.607843                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 162808.607843                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 162808.607843                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 162808.607843                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu03.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            9                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           42                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           42                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           42                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           42                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           42                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           42                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      6880186                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6880186                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      6880186                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      6880186                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      6880186                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      6880186                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 163813.952381                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 163813.952381                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 163813.952381                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 163813.952381                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 163813.952381                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 163813.952381                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu03.dcache.replacements                40856                       # number of replacements
system.cpu03.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu03.dcache.total_refs              166561861                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.sampled_refs                41112                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_refs              4051.417129                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.data   233.148610                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu03.data    22.851390                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.data     0.910737                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::cpu03.data     0.089263                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data      8378219                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       8378219                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data      7053853                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      7053853                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data        18414                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        18414                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data        16982                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        16982                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.data     15432072                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_hits::total       15432072                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.data     15432072                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_hits::total      15432072                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data       130890                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       130890                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data          844                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          844                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.data       131734                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_misses::total       131734                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.data       131734                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_misses::total       131734                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data  16163642760                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  16163642760                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data     73082639                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     73082639                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data  16236725399                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  16236725399                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data  16236725399                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  16236725399                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data      8509109                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      8509109                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data      7054697                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      7054697                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data        18414                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        18414                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data        16982                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        16982                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.data     15563806                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_accesses::total     15563806                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.data     15563806                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_accesses::total     15563806                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.015382                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.015382                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.000120                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000120                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.008464                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008464                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.008464                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008464                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 123490.280083                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 123490.280083                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 86590.804502                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 86590.804502                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 123253.870671                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 123253.870671                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 123253.870671                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 123253.870671                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu03.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu03.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         8593                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu03.dcache.writebacks::total            8593                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data        90180                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        90180                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data          698                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          698                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data        90878                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        90878                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data        90878                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        90878                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data        40710                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        40710                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data          146                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          146                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data        40856                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        40856                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data        40856                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        40856                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   4234399990                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   4234399990                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data      9792675                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      9792675                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   4244192665                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   4244192665                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   4244192665                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   4244192665                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.004784                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004784                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.002625                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002625                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.002625                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002625                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 104013.755588                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 104013.755588                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 67073.116438                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 67073.116438                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 103881.747234                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 103881.747234                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 103881.747234                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 103881.747234                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu04.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu04.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu04.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu04.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu04.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu04.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu04.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu04.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu04.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu04.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu04.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu04.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu04.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu04.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu04.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu04.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu04.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu04.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu04.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu04.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu04.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu04.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu04.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu04.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu04.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu04.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu04.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu04.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu04.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu04.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu04.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu04.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu04.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu04.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu04.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu04.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu04.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu04.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu04.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu04.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu04.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu04.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu04.icache.replacements                    2                       # number of replacements
system.cpu04.icache.tagsinuse              558.828270                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu04.icache.total_refs              932312061                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.sampled_refs                  562                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.avg_refs             1658918.258007                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu04.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.inst    33.709090                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.icache.occ_blocks::cpu04.inst   525.119180                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.inst     0.054021                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::cpu04.inst     0.841537                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::total       0.895558                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.inst     12167029                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      12167029                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.inst     12167029                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_hits::total       12167029                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.inst     12167029                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_hits::total      12167029                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           43                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           43                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           43                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_misses::total           43                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           43                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_misses::total           43                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      6636185                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      6636185                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      6636185                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      6636185                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      6636185                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      6636185                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst     12167072                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     12167072                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst     12167072                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_accesses::total     12167072                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst     12167072                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_accesses::total     12167072                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 154329.883721                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 154329.883721                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 154329.883721                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 154329.883721                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 154329.883721                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 154329.883721                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu04.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            8                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            8                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            8                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      5494926                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5494926                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      5494926                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      5494926                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      5494926                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      5494926                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 156997.885714                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 156997.885714                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 156997.885714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 156997.885714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 156997.885714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 156997.885714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu04.dcache.replacements                54291                       # number of replacements
system.cpu04.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu04.dcache.total_refs              224689224                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.sampled_refs                54547                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_refs              4119.185730                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.data   202.315988                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu04.data    53.684012                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.data     0.790297                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::cpu04.data     0.209703                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data     17864285                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      17864285                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data      3450845                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      3450845                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data         8172                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         8172                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data         8102                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         8102                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.data     21315130                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_hits::total       21315130                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.data     21315130                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_hits::total      21315130                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data       188338                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       188338                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data          362                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          362                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.data       188700                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_misses::total       188700                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.data       188700                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_misses::total       188700                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data  21443947921                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  21443947921                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data     34784653                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     34784653                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data  21478732574                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  21478732574                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data  21478732574                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  21478732574                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data     18052623                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     18052623                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data      3451207                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      3451207                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data         8172                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         8172                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data         8102                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         8102                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.data     21503830                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_accesses::total     21503830                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.data     21503830                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_accesses::total     21503830                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.010433                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010433                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.000105                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000105                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.008775                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008775                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.008775                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008775                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 113858.849096                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 113858.849096                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 96090.201657                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 96090.201657                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 113824.761918                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 113824.761918                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 113824.761918                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 113824.761918                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu04.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu04.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         6321                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu04.dcache.writebacks::total            6321                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data       134120                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       134120                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data          289                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          289                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data       134409                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       134409                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data       134409                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       134409                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data        54218                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        54218                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data           73                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           73                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data        54291                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        54291                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data        54291                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        54291                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   5650091496                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   5650091496                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data      5285561                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5285561                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   5655377057                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   5655377057                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   5655377057                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   5655377057                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.003003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.002525                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002525                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.002525                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002525                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 104210.621860                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 104210.621860                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 72404.945205                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 72404.945205                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 104167.855759                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 104167.855759                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 104167.855759                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 104167.855759                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu05.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu05.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu05.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu05.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu05.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu05.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu05.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu05.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu05.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu05.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu05.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu05.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu05.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu05.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu05.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu05.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu05.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu05.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu05.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu05.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu05.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu05.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu05.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu05.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu05.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu05.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu05.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu05.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu05.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu05.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu05.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu05.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu05.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu05.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu05.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu05.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu05.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu05.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu05.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu05.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu05.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu05.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu05.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu05.icache.tagsinuse              518.426905                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu05.icache.total_refs             1013312277                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.sampled_refs                  520                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.avg_refs             1948677.455769                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu05.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.inst    36.426905                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.icache.occ_blocks::cpu05.inst          482                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.inst     0.058376                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::cpu05.inst     0.772436                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::total       0.830812                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.inst     11988126                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      11988126                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.inst     11988126                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_hits::total       11988126                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.inst     11988126                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_hits::total      11988126                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           46                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           46                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           46                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_misses::total           46                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           46                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_misses::total           46                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      7653369                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      7653369                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      7653369                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      7653369                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      7653369                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      7653369                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst     11988172                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     11988172                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst     11988172                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_accesses::total     11988172                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst     11988172                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_accesses::total     11988172                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 166377.586957                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 166377.586957                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 166377.586957                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 166377.586957                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 166377.586957                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 166377.586957                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu05.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            8                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            8                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            8                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      6410487                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6410487                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      6410487                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      6410487                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      6410487                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      6410487                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 168697.026316                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 168697.026316                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 168697.026316                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 168697.026316                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 168697.026316                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 168697.026316                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu05.dcache.replacements                55518                       # number of replacements
system.cpu05.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu05.dcache.total_refs              172636938                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.sampled_refs                55774                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_refs              3095.294187                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.data   233.985273                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu05.data    22.014727                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.data     0.914005                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::cpu05.data     0.085995                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data      8459693                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       8459693                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data      7155255                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      7155255                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data        17486                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        17486                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data        16464                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        16464                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.data     15614948                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_hits::total       15614948                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.data     15614948                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_hits::total      15614948                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data       189487                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       189487                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data         3753                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         3753                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.data       193240                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_misses::total       193240                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.data       193240                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_misses::total       193240                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data  24718920021                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  24718920021                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    479290918                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    479290918                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data  25198210939                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  25198210939                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data  25198210939                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  25198210939                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data      8649180                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      8649180                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data      7159008                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      7159008                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data        17486                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        17486                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data        16464                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        16464                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.data     15808188                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_accesses::total     15808188                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.data     15808188                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_accesses::total     15808188                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.021908                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021908                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.000524                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000524                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.012224                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012224                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.012224                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012224                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 130451.798915                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 130451.798915                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 127708.744471                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 127708.744471                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 130398.524834                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 130398.524834                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 130398.524834                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 130398.524834                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu05.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu05.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        19007                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu05.dcache.writebacks::total           19007                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data       134126                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       134126                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data         3596                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total         3596                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data       137722                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       137722                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data       137722                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       137722                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data        55361                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        55361                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data          157                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          157                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data        55518                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        55518                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data        55518                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        55518                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   5830145211                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   5830145211                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data     10966094                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     10966094                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   5841111305                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   5841111305                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   5841111305                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   5841111305                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.006401                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006401                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.003512                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003512                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.003512                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003512                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 105311.414371                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 105311.414371                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 69847.732484                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 69847.732484                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 105211.126211                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 105211.126211                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 105211.126211                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 105211.126211                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu06.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu06.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu06.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu06.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu06.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu06.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu06.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu06.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu06.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu06.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu06.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu06.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu06.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu06.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu06.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu06.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu06.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu06.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu06.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu06.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu06.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu06.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu06.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu06.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu06.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu06.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu06.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu06.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu06.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu06.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu06.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu06.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu06.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu06.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu06.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu06.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu06.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu06.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu06.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu06.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu06.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu06.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu06.icache.replacements                    2                       # number of replacements
system.cpu06.icache.tagsinuse              580.183087                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu06.icache.total_refs             1042826372                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.sampled_refs                  583                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.avg_refs             1788724.480274                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu06.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.inst    39.171006                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.icache.occ_blocks::cpu06.inst   541.012081                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.inst     0.062774                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::cpu06.inst     0.867007                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::total       0.929781                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.inst     11869607                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      11869607                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.inst     11869607                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_hits::total       11869607                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.inst     11869607                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_hits::total      11869607                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           53                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           53                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           53                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_misses::total           53                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           53                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_misses::total           53                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      8145009                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      8145009                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      8145009                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      8145009                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      8145009                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      8145009                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst     11869660                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     11869660                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst     11869660                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_accesses::total     11869660                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst     11869660                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_accesses::total     11869660                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 153679.415094                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 153679.415094                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 153679.415094                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 153679.415094                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 153679.415094                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 153679.415094                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu06.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst           13                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           40                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      6472265                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6472265                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      6472265                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      6472265                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      6472265                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      6472265                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 161806.625000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 161806.625000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 161806.625000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 161806.625000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 161806.625000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 161806.625000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu06.dcache.replacements                80603                       # number of replacements
system.cpu06.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu06.dcache.total_refs              450338757                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.sampled_refs                80859                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_refs              5569.432679                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.data   111.899438                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu06.data   144.100562                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.data     0.437107                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::cpu06.data     0.562893                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data     31135171                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      31135171                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data     17048462                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total     17048462                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data         8330                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         8330                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data         8318                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         8318                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.data     48183633                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_hits::total       48183633                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.data     48183633                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_hits::total      48183633                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data       285057                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       285057                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data          260                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          260                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.data       285317                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_misses::total       285317                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.data       285317                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_misses::total       285317                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data  34147629714                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  34147629714                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data     25930676                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     25930676                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data  34173560390                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  34173560390                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data  34173560390                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  34173560390                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data     31420228                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     31420228                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data     17048722                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     17048722                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data         8330                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         8330                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data         8318                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         8318                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.data     48468950                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_accesses::total     48468950                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.data     48468950                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_accesses::total     48468950                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.009072                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009072                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.000015                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000015                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.005887                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005887                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.005887                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005887                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 119792.286153                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 119792.286153                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 99733.369231                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 99733.369231                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 119774.007122                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 119774.007122                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 119774.007122                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 119774.007122                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu06.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu06.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        15940                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu06.dcache.writebacks::total           15940                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data       204532                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       204532                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data          182                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          182                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data       204714                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       204714                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data       204714                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       204714                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data        80525                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        80525                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data           78                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           78                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data        80603                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        80603                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data        80603                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        80603                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   8870485318                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   8870485318                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data      6311011                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6311011                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   8876796329                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   8876796329                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   8876796329                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   8876796329                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.002563                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002563                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.000005                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.001663                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001663                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.001663                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001663                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 110158.153592                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 110158.153592                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 80910.397436                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 80910.397436                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 110129.850365                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 110129.850365                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 110129.850365                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 110129.850365                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu07.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu07.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu07.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu07.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu07.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu07.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu07.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu07.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu07.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu07.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu07.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu07.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu07.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu07.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu07.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu07.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu07.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu07.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu07.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu07.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu07.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu07.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu07.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu07.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu07.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu07.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu07.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu07.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu07.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu07.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu07.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu07.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu07.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu07.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu07.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu07.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu07.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu07.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu07.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu07.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu07.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu07.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu07.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu07.icache.tagsinuse              495.101165                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu07.icache.total_refs             1015372036                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.sampled_refs                  496                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.avg_refs             2047121.040323                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu07.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.inst    40.101165                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.icache.occ_blocks::cpu07.inst          455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.inst     0.064265                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::cpu07.inst     0.729167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::total       0.793431                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.inst     12272596                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      12272596                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.inst     12272596                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_hits::total       12272596                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.inst     12272596                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_hits::total      12272596                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           53                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           53                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           53                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_misses::total           53                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           53                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_misses::total           53                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      9049740                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      9049740                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      9049740                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      9049740                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      9049740                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      9049740                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst     12272649                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     12272649                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst     12272649                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_accesses::total     12272649                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst     12272649                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_accesses::total     12272649                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 170749.811321                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 170749.811321                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 170749.811321                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 170749.811321                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 170749.811321                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 170749.811321                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu07.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst           12                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst           12                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst           12                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           41                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           41                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           41                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           41                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      7162575                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      7162575                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      7162575                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      7162575                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      7162575                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      7162575                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 174696.951220                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 174696.951220                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 174696.951220                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 174696.951220                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 174696.951220                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 174696.951220                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu07.dcache.replacements                36299                       # number of replacements
system.cpu07.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu07.dcache.total_refs              164324973                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.sampled_refs                36555                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_refs              4495.280345                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.data   233.432476                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu07.data    22.567524                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.data     0.911846                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::cpu07.data     0.088154                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data      9781208                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       9781208                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data      7270584                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      7270584                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data        19417                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        19417                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data        17683                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        17683                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.data     17051792                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_hits::total       17051792                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.data     17051792                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_hits::total      17051792                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data        93158                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        93158                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data         2138                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         2138                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.data        95296                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_misses::total        95296                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.data        95296                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_misses::total        95296                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data  10046689458                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  10046689458                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    142392574                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    142392574                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data  10189082032                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  10189082032                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data  10189082032                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  10189082032                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data      9874366                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      9874366                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data      7272722                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      7272722                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data        19417                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        19417                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data        17683                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        17683                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.data     17147088                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_accesses::total     17147088                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.data     17147088                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_accesses::total     17147088                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.009434                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009434                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.000294                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000294                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.005558                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005558                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.005558                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005558                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 107845.697181                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 107845.697181                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 66600.829747                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 66600.829747                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 106920.353761                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 106920.353761                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 106920.353761                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 106920.353761                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets       136738                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked::no_targets             6                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets 22789.666667                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu07.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu07.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         7990                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu07.dcache.writebacks::total            7990                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data        57070                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        57070                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data         1927                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total         1927                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data        58997                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        58997                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data        58997                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        58997                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data        36088                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        36088                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data          211                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          211                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data        36299                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        36299                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data        36299                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        36299                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   3585474585                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3585474585                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data     16153613                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     16153613                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   3601628198                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   3601628198                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   3601628198                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   3601628198                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.003655                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003655                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.002117                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002117                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.002117                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002117                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 99353.651768                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 99353.651768                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 76557.407583                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 76557.407583                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 99221.141023                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 99221.141023                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 99221.141023                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 99221.141023                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu08.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu08.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu08.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu08.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu08.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu08.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu08.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu08.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu08.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu08.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu08.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu08.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu08.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu08.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu08.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu08.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu08.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu08.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu08.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu08.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu08.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu08.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu08.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu08.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu08.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu08.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu08.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu08.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu08.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu08.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu08.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu08.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu08.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu08.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu08.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu08.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu08.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu08.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu08.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu08.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu08.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu08.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu08.icache.replacements                    1                       # number of replacements
system.cpu08.icache.tagsinuse              529.229505                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu08.icache.total_refs             1017901218                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.sampled_refs                  532                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.avg_refs             1913348.154135                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu08.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.inst    40.086150                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.icache.occ_blocks::cpu08.inst   489.143354                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.inst     0.064241                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::cpu08.inst     0.783884                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::total       0.848124                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.inst     12125893                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      12125893                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.inst     12125893                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_hits::total       12125893                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.inst     12125893                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_hits::total      12125893                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           54                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           54                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           54                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_misses::total           54                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           54                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_misses::total           54                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      8834485                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      8834485                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      8834485                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      8834485                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      8834485                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      8834485                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst     12125947                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     12125947                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst     12125947                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_accesses::total     12125947                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst     12125947                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_accesses::total     12125947                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 163601.574074                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 163601.574074                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 163601.574074                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 163601.574074                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 163601.574074                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 163601.574074                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu08.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst           12                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst           12                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst           12                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           42                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           42                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           42                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           42                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           42                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           42                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      7083106                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      7083106                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      7083106                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      7083106                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      7083106                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      7083106                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 168645.380952                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 168645.380952                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 168645.380952                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 168645.380952                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 168645.380952                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 168645.380952                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu08.dcache.replacements                71463                       # number of replacements
system.cpu08.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu08.dcache.total_refs              181280410                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.sampled_refs                71719                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_refs              2527.648322                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.data   234.150669                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu08.data    21.849331                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.data     0.914651                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::cpu08.data     0.085349                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data      8413198                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       8413198                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data      6969304                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      6969304                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data        19414                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        19414                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data        16262                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        16262                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.data     15382502                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_hits::total       15382502                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.data     15382502                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_hits::total      15382502                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data       180893                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       180893                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data          819                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          819                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.data       181712                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_misses::total       181712                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.data       181712                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_misses::total       181712                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data  22068992581                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  22068992581                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data     71883336                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     71883336                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data  22140875917                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  22140875917                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data  22140875917                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  22140875917                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data      8594091                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      8594091                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data      6970123                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      6970123                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data        19414                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        19414                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data        16262                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        16262                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.data     15564214                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_accesses::total     15564214                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.data     15564214                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_accesses::total     15564214                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.021049                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021049                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.000118                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000118                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.011675                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.011675                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.011675                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.011675                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 122000.257506                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 122000.257506                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 87769.641026                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 87769.641026                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 121845.975593                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 121845.975593                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 121845.975593                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 121845.975593                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu08.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu08.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         9080                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu08.dcache.writebacks::total            9080                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data       109565                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       109565                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data          684                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          684                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data       110249                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       110249                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data       110249                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       110249                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data        71328                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        71328                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data          135                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          135                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data        71463                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        71463                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data        71463                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        71463                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   7858688553                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   7858688553                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data      9273106                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      9273106                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   7867961659                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   7867961659                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   7867961659                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   7867961659                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.008300                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.008300                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.000019                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000019                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.004591                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004591                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.004591                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004591                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 110176.768632                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 110176.768632                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 68689.674074                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 68689.674074                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 110098.395799                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 110098.395799                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 110098.395799                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 110098.395799                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu09.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu09.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu09.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu09.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu09.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu09.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu09.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu09.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu09.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu09.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu09.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu09.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu09.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu09.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu09.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu09.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu09.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu09.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu09.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu09.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu09.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu09.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu09.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu09.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu09.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu09.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu09.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu09.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu09.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu09.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu09.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu09.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu09.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu09.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu09.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu09.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu09.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu09.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu09.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu09.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu09.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu09.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu09.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu09.icache.tagsinuse              528.808764                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu09.icache.total_refs             1017903119                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.sampled_refs                  530                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.avg_refs             1920571.922642                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu09.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.inst    38.808764                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.icache.occ_blocks::cpu09.inst          490                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.inst     0.062194                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::cpu09.inst     0.785256                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::total       0.847450                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.inst     12127794                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      12127794                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.inst     12127794                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_hits::total       12127794                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.inst     12127794                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_hits::total      12127794                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           51                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           51                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           51                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_misses::total           51                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           51                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_misses::total           51                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      8048769                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      8048769                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      8048769                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      8048769                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      8048769                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      8048769                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst     12127845                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     12127845                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst     12127845                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_accesses::total     12127845                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst     12127845                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_accesses::total     12127845                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst       157819                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total       157819                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst       157819                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total       157819                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst       157819                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total       157819                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu09.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst           11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           40                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      6589200                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6589200                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      6589200                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      6589200                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      6589200                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      6589200                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst       164730                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total       164730                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst       164730                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total       164730                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst       164730                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total       164730                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu09.dcache.replacements                71379                       # number of replacements
system.cpu09.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu09.dcache.total_refs              181275399                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.sampled_refs                71635                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_refs              2530.542319                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.data   234.154294                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu09.data    21.845706                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.data     0.914665                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::cpu09.data     0.085335                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data      8410036                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       8410036                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data      6967354                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      6967354                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data        19520                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        19520                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data        16257                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        16257                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.data     15377390                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_hits::total       15377390                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.data     15377390                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_hits::total      15377390                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data       180980                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       180980                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data          814                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          814                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.data       181794                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_misses::total       181794                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.data       181794                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_misses::total       181794                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data  22123252367                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  22123252367                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data     70259481                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     70259481                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data  22193511848                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  22193511848                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data  22193511848                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  22193511848                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data      8591016                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      8591016                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data      6968168                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      6968168                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data        19520                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        19520                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data        16257                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        16257                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.data     15559184                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_accesses::total     15559184                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.data     15559184                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_accesses::total     15559184                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.021066                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021066                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.000117                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000117                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.011684                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.011684                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.011684                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.011684                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 122241.420969                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 122241.420969                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 86313.858722                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 86313.858722                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 122080.551877                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 122080.551877                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 122080.551877                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 122080.551877                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu09.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu09.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         8920                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu09.dcache.writebacks::total            8920                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data       109735                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       109735                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data          680                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          680                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data       110415                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       110415                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data       110415                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       110415                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data        71245                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        71245                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data          134                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          134                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data        71379                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        71379                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data        71379                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        71379                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   7848426231                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   7848426231                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data      9081282                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      9081282                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   7857507513                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   7857507513                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   7857507513                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   7857507513                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.008293                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.008293                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.000019                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000019                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.004588                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004588                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.004588                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004588                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 110161.081213                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 110161.081213                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 67770.761194                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 67770.761194                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 110081.501744                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 110081.501744                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 110081.501744                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 110081.501744                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu10.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu10.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu10.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu10.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu10.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu10.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu10.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu10.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu10.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu10.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu10.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu10.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu10.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu10.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu10.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu10.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu10.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu10.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu10.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu10.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu10.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu10.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu10.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu10.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu10.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu10.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu10.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu10.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu10.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu10.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu10.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu10.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu10.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu10.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu10.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu10.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu10.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu10.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu10.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu10.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu10.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu10.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu10.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu10.icache.tagsinuse              492.347655                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu10.icache.total_refs             1015372230                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.sampled_refs                  493                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.avg_refs             2059578.559838                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu10.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.inst    37.347655                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.icache.occ_blocks::cpu10.inst          455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.inst     0.059852                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::cpu10.inst     0.729167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::total       0.789019                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.inst     12272790                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      12272790                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.inst     12272790                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_hits::total       12272790                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.inst     12272790                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_hits::total      12272790                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           48                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           48                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           48                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_misses::total           48                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           48                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_misses::total           48                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      8625463                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      8625463                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      8625463                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      8625463                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      8625463                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      8625463                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst     12272838                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     12272838                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst     12272838                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_accesses::total     12272838                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst     12272838                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_accesses::total     12272838                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 179697.145833                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 179697.145833                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 179697.145833                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 179697.145833                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 179697.145833                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 179697.145833                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu10.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst           10                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      6954137                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6954137                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      6954137                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      6954137                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      6954137                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      6954137                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 183003.605263                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 183003.605263                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 183003.605263                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 183003.605263                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 183003.605263                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 183003.605263                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu10.dcache.replacements                36269                       # number of replacements
system.cpu10.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu10.dcache.total_refs              164325421                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.sampled_refs                36525                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_refs              4498.984832                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.data   233.432470                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu10.data    22.567530                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.data     0.911846                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::cpu10.data     0.088154                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data      9782544                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       9782544                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data      7269662                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      7269662                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data        19453                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        19453                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data        17681                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        17681                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.data     17052206                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_hits::total       17052206                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.data     17052206                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_hits::total      17052206                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data        93124                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        93124                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data         2043                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         2043                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.data        95167                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_misses::total        95167                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.data        95167                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_misses::total        95167                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data  10054368219                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  10054368219                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    139392729                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    139392729                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data  10193760948                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  10193760948                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data  10193760948                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  10193760948                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data      9875668                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      9875668                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data      7271705                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      7271705                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data        19453                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        19453                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data        17681                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        17681                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.data     17147373                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_accesses::total     17147373                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.data     17147373                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_accesses::total     17147373                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.009430                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009430                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.000281                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000281                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.005550                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005550                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.005550                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005550                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 107967.529520                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 107967.529520                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 68229.431718                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 68229.431718                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 107114.450892                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 107114.450892                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 107114.450892                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 107114.450892                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets       384179                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked::no_targets             7                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets 54882.714286                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu10.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu10.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         7974                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu10.dcache.writebacks::total            7974                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data        57063                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        57063                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data         1835                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total         1835                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data        58898                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        58898                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data        58898                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        58898                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data        36061                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        36061                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data          208                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          208                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data        36269                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        36269                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data        36269                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        36269                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   3587670436                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3587670436                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data     16024862                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     16024862                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   3603695298                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   3603695298                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   3603695298                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   3603695298                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.003651                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003651                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.002115                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002115                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.002115                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002115                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 99488.933640                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 99488.933640                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 77042.605769                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 77042.605769                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 99360.205630                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 99360.205630                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 99360.205630                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 99360.205630                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu11.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu11.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu11.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu11.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu11.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu11.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu11.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu11.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu11.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu11.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu11.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu11.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu11.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu11.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu11.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu11.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu11.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu11.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu11.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu11.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu11.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu11.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu11.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu11.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu11.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu11.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu11.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu11.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu11.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu11.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu11.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu11.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu11.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu11.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu11.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu11.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu11.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu11.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu11.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu11.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu11.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu11.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu11.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu11.icache.tagsinuse              517.709494                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu11.icache.total_refs             1013315117                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.sampled_refs                  520                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.avg_refs             1948682.917308                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu11.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.inst    35.709494                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.icache.occ_blocks::cpu11.inst          482                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.inst     0.057227                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::cpu11.inst     0.772436                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::total       0.829663                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.inst     11990966                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      11990966                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.inst     11990966                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_hits::total       11990966                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.inst     11990966                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_hits::total      11990966                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           48                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           48                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           48                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_misses::total           48                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           48                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_misses::total           48                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      7929987                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      7929987                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      7929987                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      7929987                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      7929987                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      7929987                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst     11991014                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     11991014                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst     11991014                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_accesses::total     11991014                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst     11991014                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_accesses::total     11991014                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 165208.062500                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 165208.062500                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 165208.062500                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 165208.062500                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 165208.062500                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 165208.062500                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu11.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst           10                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      6386898                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6386898                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      6386898                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      6386898                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      6386898                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      6386898                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 168076.263158                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 168076.263158                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 168076.263158                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 168076.263158                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 168076.263158                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 168076.263158                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu11.dcache.replacements                55508                       # number of replacements
system.cpu11.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu11.dcache.total_refs              172639495                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.sampled_refs                55764                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_refs              3095.895112                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.data   234.032170                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu11.data    21.967830                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.data     0.914188                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::cpu11.data     0.085812                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data      8458963                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       8458963                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data      7158452                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      7158452                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data        17568                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        17568                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data        16472                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        16472                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.data     15617415                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_hits::total       15617415                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.data     15617415                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_hits::total      15617415                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data       189373                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       189373                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data         3786                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         3786                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.data       193159                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_misses::total       193159                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.data       193159                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_misses::total       193159                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data  24652994830                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  24652994830                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    486721969                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    486721969                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data  25139716799                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  25139716799                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data  25139716799                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  25139716799                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data      8648336                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      8648336                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data      7162238                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      7162238                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data        17568                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        17568                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data        16472                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        16472                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.data     15810574                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_accesses::total     15810574                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.data     15810574                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_accesses::total     15810574                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.021897                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021897                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.000529                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000529                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.012217                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012217                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.012217                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012217                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 130182.205647                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 130182.205647                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 128558.364765                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 128558.364765                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 130150.377663                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 130150.377663                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 130150.377663                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 130150.377663                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu11.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu11.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        19092                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu11.dcache.writebacks::total           19092                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data       134022                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       134022                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data         3629                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total         3629                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data       137651                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       137651                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data       137651                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       137651                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data        55351                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        55351                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data          157                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          157                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data        55508                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        55508                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data        55508                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        55508                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   5807372189                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   5807372189                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data     10966074                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     10966074                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   5818338263                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   5818338263                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   5818338263                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   5818338263                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.006400                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006400                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.003511                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003511                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.003511                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003511                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 104919.011201                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 104919.011201                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 69847.605096                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 69847.605096                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 104819.814495                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 104819.814495                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 104819.814495                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 104819.814495                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu12.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu12.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu12.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu12.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu12.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu12.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu12.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu12.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu12.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu12.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu12.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu12.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu12.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu12.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu12.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu12.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu12.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu12.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu12.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu12.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu12.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu12.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu12.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu12.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu12.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu12.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu12.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu12.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu12.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu12.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu12.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu12.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu12.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu12.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu12.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu12.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu12.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu12.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu12.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu12.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu12.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu12.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu12.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu12.icache.tagsinuse              528.670790                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu12.icache.total_refs             1017901838                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.sampled_refs                  530                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.avg_refs             1920569.505660                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu12.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.inst    38.670790                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.icache.occ_blocks::cpu12.inst          490                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.inst     0.061972                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::cpu12.inst     0.785256                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::total       0.847229                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.inst     12126513                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      12126513                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.inst     12126513                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_hits::total       12126513                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.inst     12126513                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_hits::total      12126513                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           52                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           52                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           52                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_misses::total           52                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           52                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_misses::total           52                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      8323948                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      8323948                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      8323948                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      8323948                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      8323948                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      8323948                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst     12126565                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     12126565                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst     12126565                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_accesses::total     12126565                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst     12126565                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_accesses::total     12126565                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 160075.923077                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 160075.923077                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 160075.923077                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 160075.923077                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 160075.923077                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 160075.923077                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu12.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst           12                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst           12                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst           12                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           40                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      6700681                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6700681                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      6700681                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      6700681                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      6700681                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      6700681                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 167517.025000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 167517.025000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 167517.025000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 167517.025000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 167517.025000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 167517.025000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu12.dcache.replacements                71404                       # number of replacements
system.cpu12.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu12.dcache.total_refs              181273099                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.sampled_refs                71660                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_refs              2529.627393                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.data   234.156520                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu12.data    21.843480                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.data     0.914674                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::cpu12.data     0.085326                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data      8408808                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       8408808                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data      6966306                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      6966306                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data        19500                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        19500                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data        16253                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        16253                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.data     15375114                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_hits::total       15375114                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.data     15375114                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_hits::total      15375114                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data       181138                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       181138                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data          813                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          813                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.data       181951                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_misses::total       181951                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.data       181951                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_misses::total       181951                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data  22143102254                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  22143102254                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data     70354363                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     70354363                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data  22213456617                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  22213456617                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data  22213456617                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  22213456617                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data      8589946                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      8589946                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data      6967119                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      6967119                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data        19500                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        19500                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data        16253                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        16253                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.data     15557065                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_accesses::total     15557065                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.data     15557065                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_accesses::total     15557065                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.021087                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021087                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.000117                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000117                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.011696                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.011696                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.011696                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.011696                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 122244.378617                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 122244.378617                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 86536.731857                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 86536.731857                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 122084.828426                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 122084.828426                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 122084.828426                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 122084.828426                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu12.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu12.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         8838                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu12.dcache.writebacks::total            8838                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data       109866                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       109866                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data          679                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          679                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data       110545                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       110545                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data       110545                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       110545                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data        71272                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        71272                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data          134                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          134                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data        71406                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        71406                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data        71406                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        71406                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   7875665946                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   7875665946                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data      9007126                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      9007126                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   7884673072                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   7884673072                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   7884673072                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   7884673072                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.008297                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.008297                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.000019                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000019                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.004590                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004590                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.004590                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004590                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 110501.542625                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 110501.542625                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 67217.358209                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 67217.358209                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 110420.315828                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 110420.315828                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 110420.315828                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 110420.315828                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu13.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu13.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu13.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu13.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu13.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu13.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu13.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu13.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu13.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu13.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu13.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu13.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu13.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu13.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu13.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu13.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu13.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu13.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu13.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu13.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu13.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu13.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu13.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu13.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu13.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu13.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu13.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu13.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu13.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu13.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu13.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu13.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu13.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu13.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu13.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu13.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu13.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu13.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu13.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu13.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu13.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu13.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu13.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu13.icache.tagsinuse              492.274884                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu13.icache.total_refs             1015371727                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.sampled_refs                  493                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.avg_refs             2059577.539554                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu13.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.inst    37.274884                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.icache.occ_blocks::cpu13.inst          455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.inst     0.059735                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::cpu13.inst     0.729167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::total       0.788902                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.inst     12272287                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      12272287                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.inst     12272287                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_hits::total       12272287                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.inst     12272287                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_hits::total      12272287                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           48                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           48                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           48                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_misses::total           48                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           48                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_misses::total           48                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      8329671                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      8329671                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      8329671                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      8329671                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      8329671                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      8329671                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst     12272335                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     12272335                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst     12272335                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_accesses::total     12272335                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst     12272335                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_accesses::total     12272335                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 173534.812500                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 173534.812500                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 173534.812500                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 173534.812500                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 173534.812500                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 173534.812500                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu13.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst           10                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      6814738                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6814738                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      6814738                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      6814738                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      6814738                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      6814738                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 179335.210526                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 179335.210526                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 179335.210526                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 179335.210526                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 179335.210526                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 179335.210526                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu13.dcache.replacements                36249                       # number of replacements
system.cpu13.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu13.dcache.total_refs              164325854                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.sampled_refs                36505                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_refs              4501.461553                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.data   233.432773                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu13.data    22.567227                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.data     0.911847                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::cpu13.data     0.088153                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data      9782282                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       9782282                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data      7270274                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      7270274                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data        19533                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        19533                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data        17684                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        17684                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.data     17052556                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_hits::total       17052556                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.data     17052556                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_hits::total      17052556                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data        92990                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        92990                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data         2072                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         2072                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.data        95062                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_misses::total        95062                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.data        95062                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_misses::total        95062                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data  10025840807                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  10025840807                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    142316430                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    142316430                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data  10168157237                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  10168157237                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data  10168157237                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  10168157237                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data      9875272                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      9875272                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data      7272346                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      7272346                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data        19533                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        19533                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data        17684                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        17684                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.data     17147618                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_accesses::total     17147618                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.data     17147618                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_accesses::total     17147618                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.009416                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009416                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.000285                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000285                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.005544                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005544                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.005544                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005544                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 107816.333014                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 107816.333014                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 68685.535714                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 68685.535714                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 106963.426364                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 106963.426364                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 106963.426364                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 106963.426364                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets       273101                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked::no_targets             7                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets 39014.428571                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu13.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu13.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         7913                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu13.dcache.writebacks::total            7913                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data        56950                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        56950                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data         1863                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total         1863                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data        58813                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        58813                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data        58813                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        58813                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data        36040                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        36040                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data          209                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          209                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data        36249                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        36249                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data        36249                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        36249                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   3581819700                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3581819700                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data     16228870                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     16228870                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   3598048570                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   3598048570                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   3598048570                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   3598048570                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.003650                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003650                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.002114                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002114                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.002114                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002114                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 99384.564373                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 99384.564373                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 77650.095694                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 77650.095694                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 99259.250462                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 99259.250462                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 99259.250462                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 99259.250462                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu14.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu14.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu14.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu14.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu14.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu14.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu14.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu14.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu14.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu14.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu14.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu14.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu14.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu14.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu14.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu14.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu14.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu14.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu14.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu14.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu14.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu14.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu14.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu14.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu14.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu14.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu14.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu14.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu14.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu14.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu14.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu14.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu14.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu14.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu14.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu14.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu14.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu14.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu14.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu14.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu14.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu14.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu14.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu14.icache.tagsinuse              517.135716                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu14.icache.total_refs             1012188291                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.sampled_refs                  518                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.avg_refs             1954031.449807                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu14.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.inst    42.135716                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.icache.occ_blocks::cpu14.inst          475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.inst     0.067525                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::cpu14.inst     0.761218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::total       0.828743                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.inst     12180195                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      12180195                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.inst     12180195                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_hits::total       12180195                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.inst     12180195                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_hits::total      12180195                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           51                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           51                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           51                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_misses::total           51                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           51                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_misses::total           51                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      8474895                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      8474895                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      8474895                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      8474895                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      8474895                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      8474895                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst     12180246                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     12180246                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst     12180246                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_accesses::total     12180246                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst     12180246                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_accesses::total     12180246                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 166174.411765                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 166174.411765                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 166174.411765                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 166174.411765                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 166174.411765                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 166174.411765                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu14.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            8                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            8                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            8                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           43                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           43                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           43                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           43                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           43                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           43                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      7034126                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      7034126                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      7034126                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      7034126                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      7034126                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      7034126                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 163584.325581                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 163584.325581                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 163584.325581                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 163584.325581                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 163584.325581                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 163584.325581                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu14.dcache.replacements                40873                       # number of replacements
system.cpu14.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu14.dcache.total_refs              166566362                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.sampled_refs                41129                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_refs              4049.851978                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.data   233.148225                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu14.data    22.851775                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.data     0.910735                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::cpu14.data     0.089265                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data      8381400                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       8381400                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data      7055084                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      7055084                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data        18499                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        18499                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data        16986                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        16986                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.data     15436484                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_hits::total       15436484                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.data     15436484                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_hits::total      15436484                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data       130925                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       130925                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data          846                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          846                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.data       131771                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_misses::total       131771                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.data       131771                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_misses::total       131771                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data  16067002378                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  16067002378                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data     72894087                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     72894087                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data  16139896465                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  16139896465                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data  16139896465                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  16139896465                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data      8512325                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      8512325                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data      7055930                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      7055930                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data        18499                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        18499                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data        16986                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        16986                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.data     15568255                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_accesses::total     15568255                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.data     15568255                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_accesses::total     15568255                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.015381                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.015381                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.000120                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000120                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.008464                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008464                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.008464                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008464                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 122719.132160                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 122719.132160                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 86163.223404                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 86163.223404                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 122484.434853                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 122484.434853                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 122484.434853                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 122484.434853                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu14.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu14.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         8597                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu14.dcache.writebacks::total            8597                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data        90198                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        90198                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data          700                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          700                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data        90898                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        90898                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data        90898                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        90898                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data        40727                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        40727                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data          146                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          146                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data        40873                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        40873                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data        40873                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        40873                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   4201320597                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   4201320597                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data      9733376                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      9733376                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   4211053973                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   4211053973                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   4211053973                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   4211053973                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.004784                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004784                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.002625                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002625                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.002625                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002625                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 103158.116164                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 103158.116164                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 66666.958904                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 66666.958904                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 103027.768282                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 103027.768282                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 103027.768282                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 103027.768282                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu15.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu15.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu15.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu15.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu15.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu15.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu15.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu15.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu15.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu15.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu15.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu15.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu15.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu15.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu15.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu15.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu15.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu15.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu15.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu15.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu15.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu15.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu15.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu15.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu15.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu15.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu15.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu15.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu15.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu15.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu15.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu15.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu15.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu15.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu15.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu15.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu15.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu15.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu15.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu15.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu15.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu15.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu15.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu15.icache.tagsinuse              529.028032                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu15.icache.total_refs             1017901134                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.sampled_refs                  530                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.avg_refs             1920568.177358                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu15.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.inst    39.028032                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.icache.occ_blocks::cpu15.inst          490                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.inst     0.062545                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::cpu15.inst     0.785256                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::total       0.847801                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.inst     12125809                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      12125809                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.inst     12125809                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_hits::total       12125809                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.inst     12125809                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_hits::total      12125809                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           50                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           50                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           50                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_misses::total           50                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           50                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_misses::total           50                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      8085988                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      8085988                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      8085988                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      8085988                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      8085988                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      8085988                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst     12125859                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     12125859                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst     12125859                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_accesses::total     12125859                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst     12125859                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_accesses::total     12125859                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 161719.760000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 161719.760000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 161719.760000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 161719.760000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 161719.760000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 161719.760000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu15.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst           10                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           40                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      6601044                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6601044                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      6601044                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      6601044                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      6601044                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      6601044                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 165026.100000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 165026.100000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 165026.100000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 165026.100000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 165026.100000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 165026.100000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu15.dcache.replacements                71465                       # number of replacements
system.cpu15.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu15.dcache.total_refs              181276780                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.sampled_refs                71721                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_refs              2527.527224                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.data   234.150293                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu15.data    21.849707                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.data     0.914650                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::cpu15.data     0.085350                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data      8409942                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       8409942                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data      6968905                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      6968905                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data        19442                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        19442                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data        16259                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        16259                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.data     15378847                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_hits::total       15378847                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.data     15378847                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_hits::total      15378847                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data       180903                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       180903                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data          803                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          803                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.data       181706                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_misses::total       181706                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.data       181706                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_misses::total       181706                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data  22107262616                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  22107262616                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data     70277006                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     70277006                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data  22177539622                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  22177539622                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data  22177539622                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  22177539622                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data      8590845                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      8590845                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data      6969708                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      6969708                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data        19442                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        19442                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data        16259                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        16259                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.data     15560553                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_accesses::total     15560553                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.data     15560553                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_accesses::total     15560553                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.021058                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021058                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.000115                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000115                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.011677                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.011677                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.011677                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.011677                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 122205.063576                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 122205.063576                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 87518.064757                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 87518.064757                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 122051.773865                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 122051.773865                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 122051.773865                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 122051.773865                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu15.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu15.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         8944                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu15.dcache.writebacks::total            8944                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data       109571                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       109571                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data          669                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          669                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data       110240                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       110240                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data       110240                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       110240                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data        71332                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        71332                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data          134                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          134                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data        71466                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        71466                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data        71466                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        71466                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   7886345177                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   7886345177                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data      9164584                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      9164584                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   7895509761                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   7895509761                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   7895509761                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   7895509761                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.008303                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.008303                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.000019                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000019                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.004593                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004593                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.004593                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004593                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 110558.307309                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 110558.307309                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 68392.417910                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 68392.417910                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 110479.245529                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 110479.245529                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 110479.245529                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 110479.245529                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
