
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.004700                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                  4699521612                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                                 5920941300                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                  30173                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                    39224                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                                2167025                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                               67731380                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                  2168.65                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                    65434587                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                      85063857                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus00.inst         4096                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus00.data       466176                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus01.data       213888                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus02.inst          384                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus02.data        40576                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus03.inst         3584                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus03.data       472320                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus04.inst        13824                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus04.data       233600                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus05.inst         3584                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus05.data       515968                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus06.inst          384                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus06.data        40576                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus07.inst         4224                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus07.data       471808                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus08.inst         4352                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus08.data       474112                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus09.data       213888                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus10.inst          384                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus10.data        40576                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus11.inst         3200                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus11.data       476288                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus12.inst        13824                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus12.data       234880                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus13.inst         3584                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus13.data       517120                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus14.inst          384                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus14.data        40704                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus15.inst         3584                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus15.data       473856                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::total              4985728                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus00.inst         4096                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus02.inst          384                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus03.inst         3584                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus04.inst        13824                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus05.inst         3584                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus06.inst          384                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus07.inst         4224                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus08.inst         4352                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus10.inst          384                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus11.inst         3200                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus12.inst        13824                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus13.inst         3584                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus14.inst          384                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus15.inst         3584                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total           59392                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks      4033664                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::total           4033664                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus00.inst           32                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus00.data         3642                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus01.data         1671                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus02.inst            3                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus02.data          317                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus03.inst           28                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus03.data         3690                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus04.inst          108                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus04.data         1825                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus05.inst           28                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus05.data         4031                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus06.inst            3                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus06.data          317                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus07.inst           33                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus07.data         3686                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus08.inst           34                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus08.data         3704                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus09.data         1671                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus10.inst            3                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus10.data          317                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus11.inst           25                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus11.data         3721                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus12.inst          108                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus12.data         1835                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus13.inst           28                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus13.data         4040                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus14.inst            3                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus14.data          318                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus15.inst           28                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus15.data         3702                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::total                 38951                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::writebacks           31513                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::functional               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::interrupt                0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::total                31513                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus00.inst       871578                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus00.data     99196480                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus01.data     45512718                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus02.inst        81710                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus02.data      8634070                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus03.inst       762631                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus03.data    100503847                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus04.inst      2941576                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus04.data     49707187                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus05.inst       762631                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus05.data    109791601                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus06.inst        81710                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus06.data      8634070                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus07.inst       898815                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus07.data    100394900                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus08.inst       926052                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus08.data    100885162                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus09.data     45512718                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus10.inst        81710                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus10.data      8634070                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus11.inst       680920                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus11.data    101348188                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus12.inst      2941576                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus12.data     49979555                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus13.inst       762631                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus13.data    110036732                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus14.inst        81710                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus14.data      8661307                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus15.inst       762631                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus15.data    100830689                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::total              1060901175                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus00.inst       871578                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus02.inst        81710                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus03.inst       762631                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus04.inst      2941576                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus05.inst       762631                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus06.inst        81710                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus07.inst       898815                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus08.inst       926052                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus10.inst        81710                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus11.inst       680920                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus12.inst      2941576                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus13.inst       762631                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus14.inst        81710                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus15.inst       762631                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::total           12637882                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::writebacks         858313746                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::total              858313746                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::writebacks         858313746                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus00.inst       871578                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus00.data     99196480                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus01.data     45512718                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus02.inst        81710                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus02.data      8634070                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus03.inst       762631                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus03.data    100503847                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus04.inst      2941576                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus04.data     49707187                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus05.inst       762631                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus05.data    109791601                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus06.inst        81710                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus06.data      8634070                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus07.inst       898815                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus07.data    100394900                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus08.inst       926052                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus08.data    100885162                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus09.data     45512718                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus10.inst        81710                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus10.data      8634070                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus11.inst       680920                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus11.data    101348188                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus12.inst      2941576                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus12.data     49979555                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus13.inst       762631                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus13.data    110036732                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus14.inst        81710                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus14.data      8661307                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus15.inst       762631                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus15.data    100830689                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::total             1919214921                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus00.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus00.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.workload.num_syscalls                 56                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus00.numCycles               11269837                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus00.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus00.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.lookups         326937                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.condPredicted       267153                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        20111                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       147844                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBHits         135041                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.usedRAS          36593                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        14312                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2954382                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Insts              2782766                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Branches            326937                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.predictedBranches       171634                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Cycles              728795                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.SquashCycles        426125                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.BlockedCycles      5987731                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.MiscStallCycles            4                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles          133                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.CacheLines          208065                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.IcacheSquashes        50810                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::samples      9908509                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.512181                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.898425                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::0        9179714     92.64%     92.64% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::1          19194      0.19%     92.84% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::2          40962      0.41%     93.25% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::3          28589      0.29%     93.54% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::4          15455      0.16%     93.70% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::5          16887      0.17%     93.87% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::6          52225      0.53%     94.39% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::7          15405      0.16%     94.55% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::8         540078      5.45%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::total      9908509                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.branchRate        0.029010                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rate              0.246922                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.decode.IdleCycles        2940465                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BlockedCycles      6109614                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus00.decode.RunCycles          543677                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus00.decode.UnblockCycles        77656                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.decode.SquashCycles       237093                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BranchResolved        40647                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BranchMispred          371                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus00.decode.DecodedInsts      4284880                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus00.decode.SquashedInsts         1835                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus00.rename.SquashCycles       237093                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.rename.IdleCycles        3057629                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus00.rename.BlockCycles        604250                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus00.rename.serializeStallCycles      5325960                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RunCycles          464849                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus00.rename.UnblockCycles       218724                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenamedInsts      2987339                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus00.rename.ROBFullEvents            1                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.IQFullEvents         1993                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.LSQFullEvents       296176                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenamedOperands      3085445                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenameLookups     13623188                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus00.rename.int_rename_lookups     13623188                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus00.rename.CommittedMaps      1375356                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.UndoneMaps        1710077                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus00.rename.serializingInsts         9951                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.tempSerializingInsts         9950                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.skidInsts         1713835                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.insertedLoads       836995                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.insertedStores       272679                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.conflictingLoads         7475                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.conflictingStores        11775                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqInstsAdded          2363281                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        19620                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqInstsIssued         2124143                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        19003                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       966308                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      3570295                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          352                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      9908509                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.214376                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     0.882104                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      9136258     92.21%     92.21% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       219346      2.21%     94.42% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       219818      2.22%     96.64% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        94008      0.95%     97.59% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       130456      1.32%     98.90% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        37889      0.38%     99.29% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        34562      0.35%     99.63% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        24880      0.25%     99.89% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        11292      0.11%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      9908509                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          6302      9.79%      9.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%      9.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%      9.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%      9.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%      9.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%      9.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%      9.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%      9.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%      9.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%      9.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%      9.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%      9.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%      9.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%      9.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%      9.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%      9.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%      9.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%      9.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%      9.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%      9.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%      9.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%      9.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%      9.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%      9.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%      9.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%      9.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%      9.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%      9.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%      9.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::MemRead        36297     56.41%     66.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        21745     33.79%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1092039     51.41%     51.41% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult         3185      0.15%     51.56% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     51.56% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     51.56% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     51.56% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     51.56% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     51.56% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     51.56% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     51.56% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     51.56% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     51.56% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     51.56% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     51.56% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     51.56% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     51.56% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     51.56% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     51.56% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     51.56% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     51.56% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     51.56% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     51.56% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     51.56% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     51.56% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     51.56% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     51.56% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     51.56% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     51.56% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     51.56% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     51.56% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       787715     37.08%     88.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       241204     11.36%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::total      2124143                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.rate                 0.188480                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_busy_cnt             64344                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.030292                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     14240142                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      3349231                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1623859                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_alu_accesses      2188487                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         6488                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       542079                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses         1592                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           22                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        45125                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked       432986                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewSquashCycles       237093                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewBlockCycles        141938                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewUnblockCycles         8306                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      2387684                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        59072                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       836995                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       272679                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         9944                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewIQFullEvents         5656                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewLSQFullEvents          408                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus00.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           22                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus00.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        19535                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus00.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        21015                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus00.iew.branchMispredicts        40550                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecutedInsts      2083633                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       762913                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        40510                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_nop                4783                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_refs            1002661                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_branches         217076                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_stores           239748                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_rate           0.184886                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_sent              1625879                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_count             1623859                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_producers          806547                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_consumers         1578688                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_rate             0.144089                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_fanout           0.510897                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitCommittedInsts      1000005                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitCommittedOps      1415854                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitSquashedInsts       972344                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        19268                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus00.commit.branchMispredicts        36432                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      9671416                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.146396                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     0.829383                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      9194259     95.07%     95.07% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       198944      2.06%     97.12% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        77559      0.80%     97.93% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        43601      0.45%     98.38% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        48721      0.50%     98.88% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        29566      0.31%     99.19% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        13253      0.14%     99.32% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        15347      0.16%     99.48% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        50166      0.52%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      9671416                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committedInsts      1000005                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committedOps      1415854                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.refs               522460                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.loads              294914                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.membars              9534                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.branches           197421                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.int_insts         1257046                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.function_calls        17702                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.bw_lim_events        50166                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus00.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus00.rob.rob_reads           12008720                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus00.rob.rob_writes           5013506                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus00.timesIdled                 87709                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus00.idleCycles               1361328                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus00.committedInsts           1000005                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.committedOps             1415854                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.committedInsts_total      1000005                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.cpi                    11.269781                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus00.cpi_total              11.269781                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus00.ipc                     0.088733                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus00.ipc_total               0.088733                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus00.int_regfile_reads        9368414                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus00.int_regfile_writes       1590216                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus00.misc_regfile_reads       3343401                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus00.misc_regfile_writes        19356                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus01.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus01.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.workload.num_syscalls                  0                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus01.numCycles               11269837                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus01.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus01.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.lookups         534649                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.condPredicted       320787                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.condIncorrect           13                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       160392                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBHits         160385                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.usedRAS         106926                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect            0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.icacheStallCycles      8731134                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Insts              4953761                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Branches            534649                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.predictedBranches       267311                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Cycles              921989                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.SquashCycles        206548                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.BlockedCycles        90866                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.CacheLines          508092                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.IcacheSquashes        51322                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::samples      9897062                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.554550                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.927391                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::0        8975073     90.68%     90.68% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::1         136199      1.38%     92.06% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::2          54973      0.56%     92.62% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::3          64613      0.65%     93.27% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::4            379      0.00%     93.27% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::5          56478      0.57%     93.84% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::6          54747      0.55%     94.40% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::7            757      0.01%     94.40% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::8         553843      5.60%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::total      9897062                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.branchRate        0.047441                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rate              0.439559                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.decode.IdleCycles        8560413                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BlockedCycles       261592                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus01.decode.RunCycles          909904                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus01.decode.UnblockCycles        12083                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.decode.SquashCycles       153068                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BranchResolved       106934                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BranchMispred            5                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus01.decode.DecodedInsts      5488358                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus01.decode.SquashedInsts           37                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus01.rename.SquashCycles       153068                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.rename.IdleCycles        8581820                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus01.rename.BlockCycles        174558                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus01.rename.serializeStallCycles            0                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RunCycles          880534                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus01.rename.UnblockCycles       107075                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenamedInsts      5479750                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus01.rename.IQFullEvents           10                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.LSQFullEvents        88097                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenamedOperands      7725024                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenameLookups     26944179                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus01.rename.int_rename_lookups     26944179                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus01.rename.CommittedMaps      6163970                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.UndoneMaps        1561022                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus01.rename.serializingInsts            0                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.tempSerializingInsts            0                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.skidInsts          477850                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.insertedLoads       160400                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.insertedStores       213853                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.conflictingLoads            0                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.conflictingStores            0                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqInstsAdded          5447721                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqInstsIssued         4803994                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       900287                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      3417984                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      9897062                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.485396                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     0.972090                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      7294418     73.70%     73.70% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      1131940     11.44%     85.14% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1096936     11.08%     96.22% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       119820      1.21%     97.43% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       199295      2.01%     99.45% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::5         6376      0.06%     99.51% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        48277      0.49%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::7            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::8            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            6                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      9897062                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntAlu             0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::MemRead            0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::MemWrite            0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      4376274     91.10%     91.10% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        53467      1.11%     92.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     92.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     92.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     92.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     92.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     92.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     92.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     92.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     92.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     92.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     92.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     92.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     92.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     92.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     92.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     92.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     92.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     92.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     92.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     92.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     92.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     92.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     92.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     92.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     92.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     92.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     92.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     92.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       160400      3.34%     95.55% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       213853      4.45%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::total      4803994                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.rate                 0.426270                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_busy_cnt                 0                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_busy_rate                0                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     19505049                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      6348008                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      4801173                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_alu_accesses      4803994                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads            3                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads            0                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            0                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores            0                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewSquashCycles       153068                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewBlockCycles         27977                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1082                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      5447721                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         8600                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       160400                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       213853                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts            0                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewIQFullEvents            7                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus01.iew.memOrderViolationEvents            0                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus01.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect            1                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus01.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        53469                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus01.iew.branchMispredicts        53470                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecutedInsts      4801173                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       160400                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts         2820                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_nop                   0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_refs             374253                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_branches         534644                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_stores           213853                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_rate           0.426020                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_sent              4801173                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_count             4801173                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_producers         3356475                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_consumers         7198298                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_rate             0.426020                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_fanout           0.466287                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitCommittedInsts      4008478                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitCommittedOps      4543111                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitSquashedInsts       904592                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus01.commit.branchMispredicts        53470                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      9743994                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.466247                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     0.994897                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      7249691     74.40%     74.40% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      1229646     12.62%     87.02% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       895025      9.19%     96.21% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       162538      1.67%     97.87% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       103387      1.06%     98.94% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        51313      0.53%     99.46% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         1076      0.01%     99.47% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        51312      0.53%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::8            6      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      9743994                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committedInsts      4008478                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committedOps      4543111                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.refs               374253                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.loads              160400                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.membars                 0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.branches           534638                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.int_insts         4275791                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.function_calls       106928                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.bw_lim_events            6                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus01.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus01.rob.rob_reads           15191691                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus01.rob.rob_writes          11048492                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus01.timesIdled                191383                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus01.idleCycles               1372775                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus01.committedInsts           4008478                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.committedOps             4543111                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.committedInsts_total      4008478                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.cpi                     2.811500                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus01.cpi_total               2.811500                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus01.ipc                     0.355682                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus01.ipc_total               0.355682                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus01.int_regfile_reads       22852621                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus01.int_regfile_writes       6572483                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus01.misc_regfile_reads       5328026                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus02.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus02.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.workload.num_syscalls                  0                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus02.numCycles               11269837                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus02.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus02.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.lookups         792755                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.condPredicted       518611                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        76979                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       659891                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBHits         253817                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.usedRAS         102328                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        76127                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.icacheStallCycles      6883868                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Insts              3148179                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Branches            792755                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.predictedBranches       356145                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Cycles              763922                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.SquashCycles        307144                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.BlockedCycles      2813034                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.MiscStallCycles            7                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles          165                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.CacheLines          484638                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.IcacheSquashes       127709                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::samples     10640403                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.374999                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.569233                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::0        9876481     92.82%     92.82% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::1         111643      1.05%     93.87% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::2         138665      1.30%     95.17% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::3          86277      0.81%     95.98% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::4              7      0.00%     95.98% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::5             63      0.00%     95.98% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::6          25379      0.24%     96.22% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::7          25384      0.24%     96.46% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::8         376504      3.54%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::total     10640403                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.branchRate        0.070343                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rate              0.279346                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.decode.IdleCycles        6047519                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BlockedCycles      3649562                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus02.decode.RunCycles          763910                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus02.decode.UnblockCycles           14                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.decode.SquashCycles       179397                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BranchResolved       223369                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BranchMispred           10                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus02.decode.DecodedInsts      3990024                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus02.decode.SquashedInsts           42                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus02.rename.SquashCycles       179397                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.rename.IdleCycles        6052631                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus02.rename.BlockCycles           101                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus02.rename.serializeStallCycles      3574119                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RunCycles          758805                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus02.rename.UnblockCycles        75343                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenamedInsts      3979806                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus02.rename.IQFullEvents           11                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.LSQFullEvents        24567                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenamedOperands      4099903                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenameLookups     17355931                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus02.rename.int_rename_lookups     17355931                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus02.rename.CommittedMaps      3148665                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.UndoneMaps         951237                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus02.rename.serializingInsts        50756                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.tempSerializingInsts        50756                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.skidInsts          325947                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.insertedLoads       871370                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.insertedStores       397664                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.conflictingLoads        76197                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.conflictingStores            0                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqInstsAdded          3700527                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded       101511                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqInstsIssued         3392269                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       100717                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       774355                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      2355159                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     10640403                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.318810                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     0.944876                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      9084717     85.38%     85.38% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       732518      6.88%     92.26% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       299527      2.81%     95.08% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       212372      2.00%     97.07% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       183541      1.72%     98.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       102333      0.96%     99.76% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::6           13      0.00%     99.76% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        25382      0.24%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::8            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            7                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     10640403                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntAlu             0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::MemRead        76966     75.20%     75.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        25382     24.80%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      2178288     64.21%     64.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult            0      0.00%     64.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     64.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     64.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     64.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     64.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     64.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     64.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     64.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     64.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     64.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     64.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     64.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     64.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     64.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     64.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     64.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     64.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     64.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     64.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     64.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     64.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     64.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     64.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     64.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     64.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     64.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     64.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     64.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       816392     24.07%     88.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       397589     11.72%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::total      3392269                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.rate                 0.301004                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_busy_cnt            102348                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.030171                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     17628006                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      4576395                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      3239948                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_alu_accesses      3494617                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        24553                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       231844                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            2                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1766                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewSquashCycles       179397                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewBlockCycles            62                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewUnblockCycles           18                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      3802051                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        40616                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       871370                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       397664                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        50756                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewIQFullEvents           21                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus02.iew.memOrderViolationEvents            2                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus02.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        76946                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus02.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        50786                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus02.iew.branchMispredicts       127732                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecutedInsts      3291557                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       715697                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       100712                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_nop                  13                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_refs            1113275                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_branches         589616                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_stores           397578                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_rate           0.292068                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_sent              3239964                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_count             3239948                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_producers         1538860                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_consumers         2722440                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_rate             0.287488                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_fanout           0.565250                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitCommittedInsts      2393222                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitCommittedOps      3027672                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitSquashedInsts       774406                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitNonSpecStalls       101510                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus02.commit.branchMispredicts       127725                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     10461006                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.289425                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     0.961442                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      9250526     88.43%     88.43% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       427196      4.08%     92.51% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       256249      2.45%     94.96% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       239376      2.29%     97.25% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       176814      1.69%     98.94% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        51590      0.49%     99.43% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        34698      0.33%     99.77% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::7            0      0.00%     99.77% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        24557      0.23%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     10461006                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committedInsts      2393222                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committedOps      3027672                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.refs              1035423                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.loads              639526                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.membars             50755                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.branches           511813                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.int_insts         2617371                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.function_calls        50756                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.bw_lim_events        24557                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus02.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus02.rob.rob_reads           14238527                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus02.rob.rob_writes           7783554                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus02.timesIdled                274090                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus02.idleCycles                629434                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus02.committedInsts           2393222                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.committedOps             3027672                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.committedInsts_total      2393222                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.cpi                     4.709065                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus02.cpi_total               4.709065                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus02.ipc                     0.212356                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus02.ipc_total               0.212356                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus02.int_regfile_reads       15135774                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus02.int_regfile_writes       3182438                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus02.misc_regfile_reads       4311381                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus02.misc_regfile_writes       101512                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus03.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus03.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.workload.num_syscalls                 56                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus03.numCycles               11269837                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus03.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus03.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.lookups         365788                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.condPredicted       301730                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        19992                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       170567                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBHits         156966                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.usedRAS          35101                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        14475                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.icacheStallCycles      3717094                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Insts              2255574                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Branches            365788                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.predictedBranches       192067                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Cycles              628908                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.SquashCycles        371993                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.BlockedCycles      5517257                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.MiscStallCycles            6                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles          185                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.CacheLines          302720                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.IcacheSquashes        98398                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::samples     10086577                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.407960                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.678242                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::0        9457669     93.76%     93.76% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::1          17305      0.17%     93.94% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::2          63079      0.63%     94.56% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::3          23081      0.23%     94.79% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::4          22396      0.22%     95.01% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::5          23509      0.23%     95.25% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::6          46009      0.46%     95.70% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::7          49204      0.49%     96.19% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::8         384325      3.81%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::total     10086577                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.branchRate        0.032457                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rate              0.200143                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.decode.IdleCycles        3393855                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BlockedCycles      5899723                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus03.decode.RunCycles          559664                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus03.decode.UnblockCycles        10573                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.decode.SquashCycles       222760                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BranchResolved        44853                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BranchMispred          368                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus03.decode.DecodedInsts      3758141                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus03.decode.SquashedInsts         2104                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus03.rename.SquashCycles       222760                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.rename.IdleCycles        3502440                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus03.rename.BlockCycles        347453                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus03.rename.serializeStallCycles      5358284                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RunCycles          442009                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus03.rename.UnblockCycles       213623                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenamedInsts      3193745                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus03.rename.IQFullEvents          958                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.LSQFullEvents       243093                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenamedOperands      3293385                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenameLookups     14487167                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus03.rename.int_rename_lookups     14487167                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus03.rename.CommittedMaps      1417444                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.UndoneMaps        1875941                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus03.rename.serializingInsts        12957                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.tempSerializingInsts        12957                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.skidInsts         1219297                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.insertedLoads       801446                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.insertedStores       286482                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.conflictingLoads         7805                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.conflictingStores         6560                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqInstsAdded          2569102                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        22624                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqInstsIssued         2241382                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         7303                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1140587                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      3792571                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           74                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     10086577                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.222214                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     0.923165                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      9293717     92.14%     92.14% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       263256      2.61%     94.75% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       166120      1.65%     96.40% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       100497      1.00%     97.39% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       118692      1.18%     98.57% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        55015      0.55%     99.11% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        34467      0.34%     99.46% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        50754      0.50%     99.96% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         4059      0.04%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     10086577                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          5836      9.40%      9.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%      9.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%      9.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%      9.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%      9.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%      9.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%      9.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%      9.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%      9.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%      9.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%      9.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%      9.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%      9.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%      9.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%      9.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%      9.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%      9.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%      9.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%      9.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%      9.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%      9.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%      9.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%      9.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%      9.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%      9.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%      9.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%      9.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%      9.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%      9.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::MemRead        33331     53.71%     63.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        22887     36.88%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1224506     54.63%     54.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult         3214      0.14%     54.78% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     54.78% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     54.78% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     54.78% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     54.78% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     54.78% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     54.78% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     54.78% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     54.78% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     54.78% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     54.78% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     54.78% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     54.78% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     54.78% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     54.78% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     54.78% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     54.78% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     54.78% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     54.78% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     54.78% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     54.78% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     54.78% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     54.78% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     54.78% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     54.78% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     54.78% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     54.78% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     54.78% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       763269     34.05%     88.83% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       250393     11.17%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::total      2241382                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.rate                 0.198883                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_busy_cnt             62054                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.027686                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     14638698                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      3732333                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1766555                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_alu_accesses      2303436                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         3348                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       499767                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           20                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        52936                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked       370577                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewSquashCycles       222760                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewBlockCycles        103162                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewUnblockCycles         4334                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      2596561                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts       112616                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       801446                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       286482                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        12957                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewIQFullEvents         3257                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewLSQFullEvents          299                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus03.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           20                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus03.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        19582                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus03.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        25439                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus03.iew.branchMispredicts        45021                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecutedInsts      2171093                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       713975                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        70289                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_nop                4835                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_refs             961788                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_branches         224989                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_stores           247813                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_rate           0.192646                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_sent              1771371                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_count             1766555                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_producers          845800                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_consumers         1599842                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_rate             0.156751                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_fanout           0.528677                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitCommittedInsts      1027908                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitCommittedOps      1449448                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitSquashedInsts      1147623                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        22550                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus03.commit.branchMispredicts        38025                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      9863817                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.146946                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     0.823253                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      9362629     94.92%     94.92% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       215209      2.18%     97.10% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        82109      0.83%     97.93% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        48737      0.49%     98.43% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        44714      0.45%     98.88% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        27446      0.28%     99.16% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        22458      0.23%     99.39% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        11144      0.11%     99.50% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        49371      0.50%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      9863817                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committedInsts      1027908                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committedOps      1449448                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.refs               535225                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.loads              301679                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.membars              9643                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.branches           202796                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.int_insts         1285701                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.function_calls        17901                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.bw_lim_events        49371                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus03.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus03.rob.rob_reads           12410789                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus03.rob.rob_writes           5416905                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus03.timesIdled                124904                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus03.idleCycles               1183260                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus03.committedInsts           1027908                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.committedOps             1449448                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.committedInsts_total      1027908                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.cpi                    10.963858                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus03.cpi_total              10.963858                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus03.ipc                     0.091209                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus03.ipc_total               0.091209                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus03.int_regfile_reads        9748177                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus03.int_regfile_writes       1795800                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus03.misc_regfile_reads       2838830                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus03.misc_regfile_writes        25702                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus04.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus04.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.workload.num_syscalls                 26                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus04.numCycles               11269837                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus04.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus04.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.lookups         629826                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.condPredicted       482926                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        14386                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       490916                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBHits         316998                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.usedRAS          43980                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         3564                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.icacheStallCycles      6786773                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Insts              4166573                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Branches            629826                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.predictedBranches       360978                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Cycles              953005                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.SquashCycles        348152                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.BlockedCycles      1815815                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.MiscStallCycles           86                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           30                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.CacheLines          412565                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.IcacheSquashes        45497                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::samples      9769668                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.600907                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.981942                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::0        8816663     90.25%     90.25% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::1          59191      0.61%     90.85% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::2          75324      0.77%     91.62% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::3          69919      0.72%     92.34% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::4          51422      0.53%     92.86% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::5          51303      0.53%     93.39% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::6          71590      0.73%     94.12% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::7          34721      0.36%     94.48% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::8         539535      5.52%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::total      9769668                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.branchRate        0.055886                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rate              0.369710                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.decode.IdleCycles        6795221                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BlockedCycles      1894834                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus04.decode.RunCycles          843985                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus04.decode.UnblockCycles        21982                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.decode.SquashCycles       213645                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BranchResolved       125484                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BranchMispred          314                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus04.decode.DecodedInsts      5250641                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus04.decode.SquashedInsts         1920                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus04.rename.SquashCycles       213645                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.rename.IdleCycles        6892160                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus04.rename.BlockCycles        426712                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus04.rename.serializeStallCycles      1292407                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RunCycles          753466                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus04.rename.UnblockCycles       191270                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenamedInsts      4608133                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus04.rename.ROBFullEvents            2                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.IQFullEvents         6125                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.LSQFullEvents       255527                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenamedOperands      4857527                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenameLookups     20656796                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus04.rename.int_rename_lookups     20656796                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus04.rename.CommittedMaps      2982595                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.UndoneMaps        1874918                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus04.rename.serializingInsts         2482                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.tempSerializingInsts         2481                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.skidInsts         1242177                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.insertedLoads      1152129                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.insertedStores       460133                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.conflictingLoads        28800                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.conflictingStores         7403                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqInstsAdded          4008997                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         4845                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqInstsIssued         3685734                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         5397                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1113170                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      3812666                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          112                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      9769668                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.377263                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.118850                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      8356475     85.53%     85.53% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       475193      4.86%     90.40% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       338140      3.46%     93.86% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       251020      2.57%     96.43% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       132444      1.36%     97.79% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       108074      1.11%     98.89% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        56369      0.58%     99.47% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        42783      0.44%     99.91% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         9170      0.09%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      9769668                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          2808      5.03%      5.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%      5.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%      5.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%      5.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%      5.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%      5.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%      5.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%      5.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%      5.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%      5.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%      5.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%      5.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%      5.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%      5.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%      5.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%      5.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%      5.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%      5.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%      5.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%      5.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%      5.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%      5.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%      5.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%      5.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%      5.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%      5.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%      5.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%      5.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%      5.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::MemRead        32336     57.90%     62.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        20702     37.07%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      2135530     57.94%     57.94% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult         8732      0.24%     58.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     58.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     58.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     58.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     58.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     58.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     58.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     58.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     58.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     58.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     58.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     58.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     58.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     58.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     58.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     58.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     58.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     58.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     58.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     58.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     58.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     58.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     58.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     58.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     58.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     58.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     58.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     58.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1105694     30.00%     88.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       435778     11.82%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::total      3685734                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.rate                 0.327044                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_busy_cnt             55846                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.015152                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     17202379                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      5127067                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      3204687                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_alu_accesses      3741580                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        40241                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       525184                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            9                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           63                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        60651                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked       334166                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewSquashCycles       213645                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewBlockCycles        180456                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewUnblockCycles        11032                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      4027569                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        72209                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1152129                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       460133                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         2480                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewIQFullEvents         9561                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewLSQFullEvents          280                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus04.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           63                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus04.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         8977                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus04.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        31329                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus04.iew.branchMispredicts        40306                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecutedInsts      3605811                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1032214                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        79923                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_nop               13727                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_refs            1466247                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_branches         558559                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_stores           434033                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_rate           0.319952                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_sent              3206075                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_count             3204687                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_producers         1670833                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_consumers         2891506                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_rate             0.284360                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_fanout           0.577842                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitCommittedInsts      2499325                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitCommittedOps      2877787                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitSquashedInsts      1150092                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         4733                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus04.commit.branchMispredicts        37724                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      9556023                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.301149                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.137325                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      8483060     88.77%     88.77% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       469551      4.91%     93.69% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       251267      2.63%     96.31% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        94831      0.99%     97.31% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        56249      0.59%     97.90% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        42577      0.45%     98.34% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        30170      0.32%     98.66% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        24236      0.25%     98.91% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       104082      1.09%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      9556023                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committedInsts      2499325                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committedOps      2877787                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.refs              1026418                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.loads              626943                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.membars              2338                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.branches           526607                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.int_insts         2429098                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.function_calls        37928                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.bw_lim_events       104082                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus04.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus04.rob.rob_reads           13479482                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus04.rob.rob_writes           8270133                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus04.timesIdled                180086                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus04.idleCycles               1500169                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus04.committedInsts           2499325                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.committedOps             2877787                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.committedInsts_total      2499325                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.cpi                     4.509152                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus04.cpi_total               4.509152                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus04.ipc                     0.221771                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus04.ipc_total               0.221771                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus04.int_regfile_reads       16268292                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus04.int_regfile_writes       3302771                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus04.misc_regfile_reads       5243851                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus04.misc_regfile_writes         4738                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus05.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus05.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.workload.num_syscalls                 65                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus05.numCycles               11266967                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus05.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus05.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.lookups         501240                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.condPredicted       454978                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        12619                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       414903                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBHits         293684                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.usedRAS          29084                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        11458                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2342916                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Insts              2394633                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Branches            501240                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.predictedBranches       322768                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Cycles             1113994                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.SquashCycles        656723                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.BlockedCycles      4847004                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.MiscStallCycles            6                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           32                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.CacheLines          161834                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.IcacheSquashes        40524                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::samples      8653224                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.919819                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.455019                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::0        7539230     87.13%     87.13% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::1           5382      0.06%     87.19% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::2          32052      0.37%     87.56% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::3          26937      0.31%     87.87% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::4          13218      0.15%     88.02% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::5          20564      0.24%     88.26% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::6         229776      2.66%     90.92% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::7          13768      0.16%     91.08% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::8         772297      8.92%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::total      8653224                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.branchRate        0.044488                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rate              0.212536                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.decode.IdleCycles        2434811                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BlockedCycles      5022872                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus05.decode.RunCycles          830311                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus05.decode.UnblockCycles        16012                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.decode.SquashCycles       349212                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BranchResolved        31547                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BranchMispred           60                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus05.decode.DecodedInsts      6252262                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus05.decode.SquashedInsts          346                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus05.rename.SquashCycles       349212                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.rename.IdleCycles        2732663                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus05.rename.BlockCycles       1106603                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus05.rename.serializeStallCycles      3548643                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RunCycles          546490                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus05.rename.UnblockCycles       369607                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenamedInsts      4079027                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus05.rename.IQFullEvents         1073                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.LSQFullEvents       624530                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenamedOperands      3935647                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenameLookups     19591533                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus05.rename.int_rename_lookups     19591533                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus05.rename.CommittedMaps      1182345                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.UndoneMaps        2753301                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus05.rename.serializingInsts         7741                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.tempSerializingInsts         7740                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.skidInsts         3508128                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.insertedLoads      1518704                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.insertedStores       321602                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.conflictingLoads        13589                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.conflictingStores        11629                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqInstsAdded          2804947                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        15375                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqInstsIssued         2568581                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         7707                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1528551                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      6833990                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           41                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      8653224                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.296835                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.042961                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      7828432     90.47%     90.47% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       195504      2.26%     92.73% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       125327      1.45%     94.18% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        79013      0.91%     95.09% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       333625      3.86%     98.94% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        39467      0.46%     99.40% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        21616      0.25%     99.65% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        18067      0.21%     99.86% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        12173      0.14%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      8653224                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntAlu             1      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::MemRead        41983     69.93%     69.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        18053     30.07%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu       819020     31.89%     31.89% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult         2545      0.10%     31.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     31.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     31.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     31.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     31.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     31.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     31.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     31.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     31.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     31.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     31.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     31.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     31.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     31.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     31.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     31.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     31.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     31.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     31.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     31.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     31.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     31.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     31.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     31.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     31.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     31.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     31.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     31.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1465117     57.04%     89.03% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       281899     10.97%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::total      2568581                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.rate                 0.227974                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_busy_cnt             60037                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.023374                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     13858130                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      4348898                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1417851                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_alu_accesses      2628618                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         3935                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      1192871                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses         1270                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           25                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        54525                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked      1088982                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewSquashCycles       349212                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewBlockCycles        227013                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewUnblockCycles        10793                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      2824150                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        35130                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1518704                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       321602                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         7740                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewIQFullEvents         3925                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewLSQFullEvents         4525                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus05.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           25                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus05.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        13145                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus05.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        17281                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus05.iew.branchMispredicts        30426                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecutedInsts      2531417                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1446234                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        37164                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_nop                3828                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_refs            1721059                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_branches         174814                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_stores           274825                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_rate           0.224676                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_sent              1420502                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_count             1417851                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_producers          696099                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_consumers         1417243                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_rate             0.125841                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_fanout           0.491164                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitCommittedInsts       762564                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitCommittedOps      1289736                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitSquashedInsts      1537007                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        15334                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus05.commit.branchMispredicts        29206                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      8304012                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.155315                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     0.845139                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      7868434     94.75%     94.75% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       162856      1.96%     96.72% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        90559      1.09%     97.81% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        47380      0.57%     98.38% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        42198      0.51%     98.89% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        22879      0.28%     99.16% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        14945      0.18%     99.34% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         7323      0.09%     99.43% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        47438      0.57%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      8304012                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committedInsts       762564                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committedOps      1289736                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.refs               592910                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.loads              325833                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.membars              7634                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.branches           157764                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.int_insts         1163087                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.function_calls        14255                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.bw_lim_events        47438                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus05.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus05.rob.rob_reads           11082472                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus05.rob.rob_writes           6002706                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus05.timesIdled                 62484                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus05.idleCycles               2613743                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus05.committedInsts            762564                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.committedOps             1289736                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.committedInsts_total       762564                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.cpi                    14.775110                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus05.cpi_total              14.775110                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus05.ipc                     0.067681                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus05.ipc_total               0.067681                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus05.int_regfile_reads       11265060                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus05.int_regfile_writes       1287097                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus05.misc_regfile_reads       3012329                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus05.misc_regfile_writes        15270                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus06.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus06.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.workload.num_syscalls                  0                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus06.numCycles               11269837                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus06.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus06.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.lookups         792620                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.condPredicted       518524                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        76965                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       659779                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBHits         253773                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.usedRAS         102310                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        76114                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.icacheStallCycles      6882643                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Insts              3147636                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Branches            792620                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.predictedBranches       356083                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Cycles              763790                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.SquashCycles        307089                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.BlockedCycles      2814536                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.MiscStallCycles            7                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles          165                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.CacheLines          484552                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.IcacheSquashes       127686                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::samples     10640516                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.374931                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.569098                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::0        9876726     92.82%     92.82% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::1         111624      1.05%     93.87% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::2         138641      1.30%     95.17% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::3          86261      0.81%     95.98% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::4              7      0.00%     95.98% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::5             63      0.00%     95.99% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::6          25375      0.24%     96.22% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::7          25380      0.24%     96.46% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::8         376439      3.54%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::total     10640516                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.branchRate        0.070331                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rate              0.279297                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.decode.IdleCycles        6046442                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BlockedCycles      3650916                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus06.decode.RunCycles          763778                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus06.decode.UnblockCycles           14                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.decode.SquashCycles       179365                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BranchResolved       223330                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BranchMispred           10                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus06.decode.DecodedInsts      3989337                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus06.decode.SquashedInsts           42                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus06.rename.SquashCycles       179365                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.rename.IdleCycles        6051553                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus06.rename.BlockCycles           101                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus06.rename.serializeStallCycles      3575484                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RunCycles          758674                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus06.rename.UnblockCycles        75332                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenamedInsts      3979126                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus06.rename.IQFullEvents           11                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.LSQFullEvents        24564                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenamedOperands      4099209                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenameLookups     17352962                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus06.rename.int_rename_lookups     17352962                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus06.rename.CommittedMaps      3148136                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.UndoneMaps         951062                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus06.rename.serializingInsts        50747                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.tempSerializingInsts        50747                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.skidInsts          325896                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.insertedLoads       871224                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.insertedStores       397592                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.conflictingLoads        76185                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.conflictingStores            0                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqInstsAdded          3699895                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded       101494                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqInstsIssued         3391692                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       100702                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       774209                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      2354744                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     10640516                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.318753                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     0.944800                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      9085095     85.38%     85.38% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       732392      6.88%     92.27% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       299476      2.81%     95.08% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       212337      2.00%     97.08% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       183510      1.72%     98.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       102316      0.96%     99.76% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::6           13      0.00%     99.76% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        25377      0.24%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::8            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            7                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     10640516                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntAlu             0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::MemRead        76952     75.20%     75.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        25377     24.80%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      2177915     64.21%     64.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult            0      0.00%     64.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     64.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     64.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     64.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     64.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     64.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     64.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     64.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     64.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     64.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     64.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     64.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     64.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     64.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     64.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     64.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     64.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     64.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     64.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     64.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     64.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     64.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     64.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     64.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     64.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     64.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     64.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     64.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       816259     24.07%     88.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       397518     11.72%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::total      3391692                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.rate                 0.300953                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_busy_cnt            102329                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.030170                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     17626931                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      4575600                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      3239390                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_alu_accesses      3494021                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        24550                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       231802                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            2                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1764                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewSquashCycles       179365                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewBlockCycles            62                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewUnblockCycles           18                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      3801402                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        40608                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       871224                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       397592                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        50747                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewIQFullEvents           21                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus06.iew.memOrderViolationEvents            2                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus06.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        76932                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus06.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        50777                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus06.iew.branchMispredicts       127709                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecutedInsts      3290995                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       715579                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       100697                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_nop                  13                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_refs            1113086                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_branches         589516                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_stores           397507                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_rate           0.292018                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_sent              3239406                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_count             3239390                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_producers         1538601                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_consumers         2721983                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_rate             0.287439                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_fanout           0.565250                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitCommittedInsts      2392823                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitCommittedOps      3027158                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitSquashedInsts       774260                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitNonSpecStalls       101494                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus06.commit.branchMispredicts       127702                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     10461151                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.289371                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     0.961364                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      9250880     88.43%     88.43% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       427122      4.08%     92.51% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       256204      2.45%     94.96% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       239334      2.29%     97.25% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       176784      1.69%     98.94% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        51580      0.49%     99.43% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        34693      0.33%     99.77% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::7            0      0.00%     99.77% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        24554      0.23%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     10461151                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committedInsts      2392823                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committedOps      3027158                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.refs              1035243                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.loads              639415                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.membars             50747                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.branches           511729                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.int_insts         2616923                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.function_calls        50747                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.bw_lim_events        24554                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus06.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus06.rob.rob_reads           14238015                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus06.rob.rob_writes           7782213                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus06.timesIdled                274042                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus06.idleCycles                629321                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus06.committedInsts           2392823                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.committedOps             3027158                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.committedInsts_total      2392823                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.cpi                     4.709850                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus06.cpi_total               4.709850                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus06.ipc                     0.212321                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus06.ipc_total               0.212321                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus06.int_regfile_reads       15133193                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus06.int_regfile_writes       3181896                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus06.misc_regfile_reads       4310637                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus06.misc_regfile_writes       101494                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus07.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus07.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.workload.num_syscalls                 56                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus07.numCycles               11269837                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus07.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus07.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.lookups         362289                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.condPredicted       299537                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        20045                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       167761                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBHits         153528                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.usedRAS          34925                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        14434                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.icacheStallCycles      3716909                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Insts              2273050                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Branches            362289                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.predictedBranches       188453                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Cycles              628477                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.SquashCycles        370896                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.BlockedCycles      5515284                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.MiscStallCycles            6                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles          185                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.CacheLines          303573                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.IcacheSquashes        99108                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::samples     10083194                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.408068                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.679275                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::0        9454717     93.77%     93.77% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::1          16967      0.17%     93.94% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::2          63957      0.63%     94.57% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::3          22866      0.23%     94.80% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::4          22602      0.22%     95.02% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::5          23500      0.23%     95.25% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::6          43830      0.43%     95.69% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::7          47776      0.47%     96.16% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::8         386979      3.84%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::total     10083194                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.branchRate        0.032147                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rate              0.201693                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.decode.IdleCycles        3390389                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BlockedCycles      5900701                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus07.decode.RunCycles          559631                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus07.decode.UnblockCycles        10510                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.decode.SquashCycles       221961                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BranchResolved        43285                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BranchMispred          373                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus07.decode.DecodedInsts      3758493                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus07.decode.SquashedInsts         2131                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus07.rename.SquashCycles       221961                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.rename.IdleCycles        3499364                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus07.rename.BlockCycles        345669                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus07.rename.serializeStallCycles      5359103                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RunCycles          441264                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus07.rename.UnblockCycles       215825                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenamedInsts      3201918                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus07.rename.ROBFullEvents            1                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.IQFullEvents          937                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.LSQFullEvents       244829                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenamedOperands      3299574                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenameLookups     14523603                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus07.rename.int_rename_lookups     14523603                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus07.rename.CommittedMaps      1413246                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.UndoneMaps        1886327                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus07.rename.serializingInsts        12915                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.tempSerializingInsts        12915                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.skidInsts         1217557                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.insertedLoads       798105                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.insertedStores       286084                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.conflictingLoads         7689                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.conflictingStores         6435                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqInstsAdded          2568113                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        22552                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqInstsIssued         2241065                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         7289                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1143104                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      3776212                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           73                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     10083194                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.222257                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     0.923164                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      9289361     92.13%     92.13% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       263341      2.61%     94.74% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       168908      1.68%     96.41% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       100621      1.00%     97.41% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       115551      1.15%     98.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        55677      0.55%     99.11% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        34665      0.34%     99.45% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        51094      0.51%     99.96% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         3976      0.04%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     10083194                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          5791      9.45%      9.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%      9.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%      9.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%      9.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%      9.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%      9.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%      9.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%      9.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%      9.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%      9.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%      9.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%      9.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%      9.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%      9.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%      9.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%      9.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%      9.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%      9.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%      9.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%      9.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%      9.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%      9.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%      9.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%      9.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%      9.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%      9.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%      9.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%      9.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%      9.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::MemRead        32716     53.37%     62.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        22796     37.19%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1227846     54.79%     54.79% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult         3204      0.14%     54.93% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     54.93% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     54.93% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     54.93% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     54.93% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     54.93% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     54.93% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     54.93% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     54.93% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     54.93% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     54.93% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     54.93% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     54.93% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     54.93% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     54.93% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     54.93% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     54.93% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     54.93% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     54.93% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     54.93% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     54.93% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     54.93% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     54.93% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     54.93% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     54.93% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     54.93% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     54.93% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     54.93% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       759358     33.88%     88.82% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       250657     11.18%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::total      2241065                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.rate                 0.198855                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_busy_cnt             61303                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.027354                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     14633916                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      3733797                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1767006                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_alu_accesses      2302368                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         3342                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       497276                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            3                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           28                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        53178                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked       368181                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewSquashCycles       221961                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewBlockCycles        103948                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewUnblockCycles         4399                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      2595490                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts       120987                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       798105                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       286084                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        12914                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewIQFullEvents         3307                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewLSQFullEvents          311                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus07.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           28                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus07.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        19331                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus07.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        25151                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus07.iew.branchMispredicts        44482                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecutedInsts      2169146                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       710794                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        71919                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_nop                4825                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_refs             958301                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_branches         223391                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_stores           247507                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_rate           0.192474                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_sent              1771804                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_count             1767006                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_producers          846502                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_consumers         1599356                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_rate             0.156791                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_fanout           0.529277                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitCommittedInsts      1024792                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitCommittedOps      1445237                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitSquashedInsts      1150742                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        22478                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus07.commit.branchMispredicts        38040                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      9861233                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.146557                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     0.822242                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      9361527     94.93%     94.93% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       214508      2.18%     97.11% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        81983      0.83%     97.94% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        48621      0.49%     98.43% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        44459      0.45%     98.88% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        27426      0.28%     99.16% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        22238      0.23%     99.39% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        11262      0.11%     99.50% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        49209      0.50%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      9861233                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committedInsts      1024792                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committedOps      1445237                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.refs               533734                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.loads              300829                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.membars              9612                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.branches           202159                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.int_insts         1282007                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.function_calls        17846                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.bw_lim_events        49209                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus07.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus07.rob.rob_reads           12407275                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus07.rob.rob_writes           5413927                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus07.timesIdled                125466                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus07.idleCycles               1186643                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus07.committedInsts           1024792                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.committedOps             1445237                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.committedInsts_total      1024792                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.cpi                    10.997195                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus07.cpi_total              10.997195                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus07.ipc                     0.090932                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus07.ipc_total               0.090932                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus07.int_regfile_reads        9739673                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus07.int_regfile_writes       1792973                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus07.misc_regfile_reads       2855123                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus07.misc_regfile_writes        25622                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus08.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus08.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.workload.num_syscalls                 56                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus08.numCycles               11269837                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus08.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus08.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.lookups         323140                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.condPredicted       260807                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        20366                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       139999                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBHits         129504                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.usedRAS          36937                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        14512                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2987075                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Insts              2717430                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Branches            323140                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.predictedBranches       166441                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Cycles              717271                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.SquashCycles        416593                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.BlockedCycles      5979236                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.MiscStallCycles            4                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles          132                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.CacheLines          209018                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.IcacheSquashes        50537                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::samples      9914777                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.503136                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.882798                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::0        9197506     92.77%     92.77% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::1          19272      0.19%     92.96% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::2          40742      0.41%     93.37% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::3          28860      0.29%     93.66% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::4          15434      0.16%     93.82% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::5          17350      0.17%     93.99% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::6          49392      0.50%     94.49% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::7          13459      0.14%     94.63% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::8         532762      5.37%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::total      9914777                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.branchRate        0.028673                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rate              0.241124                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.decode.IdleCycles        2970164                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BlockedCycles      6098807                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus08.decode.RunCycles          531576                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus08.decode.UnblockCycles        83548                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.decode.SquashCycles       230678                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BranchResolved        42497                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BranchMispred          382                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus08.decode.DecodedInsts      4239542                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus08.decode.SquashedInsts         1887                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus08.rename.SquashCycles       230678                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.rename.IdleCycles        3082433                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus08.rename.BlockCycles        611383                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus08.rename.serializeStallCycles      5316133                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RunCycles          459949                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus08.rename.UnblockCycles       214197                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenamedInsts      2961856                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus08.rename.ROBFullEvents            1                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.IQFullEvents         2056                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.LSQFullEvents       285174                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenamedOperands      3054938                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenameLookups     13510297                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus08.rename.int_rename_lookups     13510297                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus08.rename.CommittedMaps      1396826                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.UndoneMaps        1658111                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus08.rename.serializingInsts        10018                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.tempSerializingInsts        10017                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.skidInsts         1664570                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.insertedLoads       839141                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.insertedStores       272058                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.conflictingLoads         5853                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.conflictingStores        10736                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqInstsAdded          2348781                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        19828                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqInstsIssued         2135802                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        15968                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       929761                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      3464085                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          283                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      9914777                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.215416                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     0.885574                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      9142178     92.21%     92.21% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       218025      2.20%     94.41% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       217892      2.20%     96.60% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        92666      0.93%     97.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       135492      1.37%     98.91% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        36453      0.37%     99.27% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        36214      0.37%     99.64% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        24378      0.25%     99.88% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        11479      0.12%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      9914777                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          6406      9.78%      9.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%      9.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%      9.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%      9.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%      9.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%      9.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%      9.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%      9.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%      9.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%      9.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%      9.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%      9.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%      9.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%      9.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%      9.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%      9.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%      9.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%      9.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%      9.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%      9.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%      9.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%      9.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%      9.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%      9.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%      9.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%      9.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%      9.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%      9.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%      9.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::MemRead        36945     56.41%     66.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        22139     33.81%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1091906     51.12%     51.12% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult         3230      0.15%     51.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     51.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     51.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     51.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     51.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     51.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     51.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     51.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     51.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     51.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     51.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     51.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     51.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     51.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     51.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     51.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     51.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     51.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     51.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     51.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     51.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     51.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     51.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     51.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     51.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     51.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     51.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     51.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       795700     37.26%     88.53% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       244966     11.47%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::total      2135802                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.rate                 0.189515                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_busy_cnt             65490                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.030663                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     14267839                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      3298391                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1634462                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_alu_accesses      2201292                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         6585                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       539724                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses         1615                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           21                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        40969                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked       434599                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewSquashCycles       230678                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewBlockCycles        148193                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewUnblockCycles         8722                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      2373460                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        52721                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       839141                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       272058                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        10013                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewIQFullEvents         5891                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewLSQFullEvents          491                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus08.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           21                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus08.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        19749                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus08.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        22984                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus08.iew.branchMispredicts        42733                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecutedInsts      2102929                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       776780                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        32873                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_nop                4851                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_refs            1020387                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_branches         219923                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_stores           243607                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_rate           0.186598                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_sent              1636502                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_count             1634462                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_producers          811738                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_consumers         1592343                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_rate             0.145030                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_fanout           0.509776                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitCommittedInsts      1015481                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitCommittedOps      1438076                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitSquashedInsts       935984                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        19544                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus08.commit.branchMispredicts        36906                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      9684099                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.148499                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     0.835101                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      9198645     94.99%     94.99% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       203124      2.10%     97.08% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        78564      0.81%     97.90% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        45453      0.47%     98.37% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        48101      0.50%     98.86% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        30026      0.31%     99.17% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        13451      0.14%     99.31% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        15655      0.16%     99.47% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        51080      0.53%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      9684099                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committedInsts      1015481                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committedOps      1438076                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.refs               530505                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.loads              299417                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.membars              9670                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.branches           200314                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.int_insts         1276922                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.function_calls        17952                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.bw_lim_events        51080                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus08.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus08.rob.rob_reads           12006351                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus08.rob.rob_writes           4978806                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus08.timesIdled                 87910                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus08.idleCycles               1355060                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus08.committedInsts           1015481                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.committedOps             1438076                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.committedInsts_total      1015481                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.cpi                    11.098028                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus08.cpi_total              11.098028                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus08.ipc                     0.090106                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus08.ipc_total               0.090106                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus08.int_regfile_reads        9461181                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus08.int_regfile_writes       1592900                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus08.misc_regfile_reads       3287342                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus08.misc_regfile_writes        19638                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus09.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus09.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.workload.num_syscalls                  0                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus09.numCycles               11269837                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus09.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus09.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.lookups         534779                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.condPredicted       320865                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.condIncorrect           13                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       160431                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBHits         160424                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.usedRAS         106952                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect            0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.icacheStallCycles      8733124                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Insts              4954941                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Branches            534779                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.predictedBranches       267376                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Cycles              922209                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.SquashCycles        206607                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.BlockedCycles        90763                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.CacheLines          508211                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.IcacheSquashes        51337                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::samples      9899215                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.554562                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.927407                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::0        8977006     90.68%     90.68% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::1         136225      1.38%     92.06% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::2          54986      0.56%     92.62% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::3          64638      0.65%     93.27% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::4            379      0.00%     93.27% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::5          56491      0.57%     93.84% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::6          54760      0.55%     94.40% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::7            757      0.01%     94.40% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::8         553973      5.60%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::total      9899215                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.branchRate        0.047452                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rate              0.439664                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.decode.IdleCycles        8562450                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BlockedCycles       261445                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus09.decode.RunCycles          910135                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus09.decode.UnblockCycles        12069                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.decode.SquashCycles       153114                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BranchResolved       106960                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BranchMispred            5                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus09.decode.DecodedInsts      5489652                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus09.decode.SquashedInsts           29                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus09.rename.SquashCycles       153114                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.rename.IdleCycles        8583845                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus09.rename.BlockCycles        174424                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus09.rename.serializeStallCycles            0                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RunCycles          880753                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus09.rename.UnblockCycles       107072                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenamedInsts      5481052                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus09.rename.IQFullEvents            4                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.LSQFullEvents        88091                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenamedOperands      7726853                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenameLookups     26950581                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus09.rename.int_rename_lookups     26950581                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus09.rename.CommittedMaps      6165413                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.UndoneMaps        1561440                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus09.rename.serializingInsts            0                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.tempSerializingInsts            0                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.skidInsts          477802                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.insertedLoads       160439                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.insertedStores       213905                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.conflictingLoads            0                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.conflictingStores            0                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqInstsAdded          5448973                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqInstsIssued         4805133                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       900500                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      3418662                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      9899215                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.485405                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     0.972111                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      7295995     73.70%     73.70% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      1132162     11.44%     85.14% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1097203     11.08%     96.22% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       119822      1.21%     97.43% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       199360      2.01%     99.45% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::5         6379      0.06%     99.51% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        48294      0.49%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::7            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::8            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            6                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      9899215                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntAlu             0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::MemRead            0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::MemWrite            0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      4377309     91.10%     91.10% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        53480      1.11%     92.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     92.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     92.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     92.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     92.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     92.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     92.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     92.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     92.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     92.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     92.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     92.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     92.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     92.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     92.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     92.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     92.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     92.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     92.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     92.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     92.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     92.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     92.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     92.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     92.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     92.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     92.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     92.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       160439      3.34%     95.55% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       213905      4.45%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::total      4805133                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.rate                 0.426371                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_busy_cnt                 0                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_busy_rate                0                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     19509481                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      6349473                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      4802292                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_alu_accesses      4805133                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads            0                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads            0                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            0                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores            0                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewSquashCycles       153114                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewBlockCycles         27909                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1074                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      5448973                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         8575                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       160439                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       213905                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts            0                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewIQFullEvents            2                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus09.iew.memOrderViolationEvents            0                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus09.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect            1                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus09.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        53482                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus09.iew.branchMispredicts        53483                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecutedInsts      4802292                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       160439                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts         2841                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_nop                   0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_refs             374344                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_branches         534773                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_stores           213905                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_rate           0.426119                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_sent              4802292                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_count             4802292                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_producers         3357331                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_consumers         7200196                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_rate             0.426119                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_fanout           0.466283                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitCommittedInsts      4009418                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitCommittedOps      4544181                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitSquashedInsts       904792                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus09.commit.branchMispredicts        53483                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      9746101                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.466256                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     0.994912                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      7251239     74.40%     74.40% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      1229911     12.62%     87.02% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       895218      9.19%     96.21% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       162574      1.67%     97.87% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       103422      1.06%     98.94% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        51332      0.53%     99.46% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         1073      0.01%     99.47% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        51330      0.53%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::8            2      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      9746101                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committedInsts      4009418                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committedOps      4544181                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.refs               374344                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.loads              160439                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.membars                 0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.branches           534768                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.int_insts         4276796                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.function_calls       106954                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.bw_lim_events            2                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus09.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus09.rob.rob_reads           15195072                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus09.rob.rob_writes          11051060                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus09.timesIdled                191408                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus09.idleCycles               1370622                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus09.committedInsts           4009418                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.committedOps             4544181                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.committedInsts_total      4009418                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.cpi                     2.810841                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus09.cpi_total               2.810841                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus09.ipc                     0.355765                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus09.ipc_total               0.355765                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus09.int_regfile_reads       22857939                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus09.int_regfile_writes       6573977                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus09.misc_regfile_reads       5329297                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus10.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus10.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.workload.num_syscalls                  0                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus10.numCycles               11269837                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus10.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus10.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.lookups         792365                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.condPredicted       518356                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        76940                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       659567                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBHits         253692                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.usedRAS         102277                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        76089                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.icacheStallCycles      6880452                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Insts              3146621                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Branches            792365                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.predictedBranches       355969                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Cycles              763543                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.SquashCycles        306991                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.BlockedCycles      2817233                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.MiscStallCycles            7                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles          165                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.CacheLines          484397                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.IcacheSquashes       127645                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::samples     10640718                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.374802                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.568845                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::0        9877175     92.82%     92.82% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::1         111586      1.05%     93.87% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::2         138597      1.30%     95.18% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::3          86234      0.81%     95.99% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::4              7      0.00%     95.99% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::5             63      0.00%     95.99% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::6          25367      0.24%     96.22% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::7          25372      0.24%     96.46% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::8         376317      3.54%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::total     10640718                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.branchRate        0.070308                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rate              0.279207                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.decode.IdleCycles        6044514                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BlockedCycles      3653350                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus10.decode.RunCycles          763531                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus10.decode.UnblockCycles           14                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.decode.SquashCycles       179308                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BranchResolved       223259                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BranchMispred           10                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus10.decode.DecodedInsts      3988050                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus10.decode.SquashedInsts           42                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus10.rename.SquashCycles       179308                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.rename.IdleCycles        6049623                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus10.rename.BlockCycles           101                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus10.rename.serializeStallCycles      3577943                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RunCycles          758429                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus10.rename.UnblockCycles        75307                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenamedInsts      3977838                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus10.rename.IQFullEvents           11                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.LSQFullEvents        24556                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenamedOperands      4097881                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenameLookups     17347346                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus10.rename.int_rename_lookups     17347346                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus10.rename.CommittedMaps      3147108                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.UndoneMaps         950759                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus10.rename.serializingInsts        50731                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.tempSerializingInsts        50731                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.skidInsts          325792                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.insertedLoads       870943                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.insertedStores       397466                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.conflictingLoads        76161                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.conflictingStores            0                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqInstsAdded          3698703                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded       101461                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqInstsIssued         3390590                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       100670                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       773969                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      2354008                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     10640718                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.318643                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     0.944656                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      9085800     85.39%     85.39% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       732158      6.88%     92.27% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       299378      2.81%     95.08% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       212267      1.99%     97.08% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       183451      1.72%     98.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       102282      0.96%     99.76% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::6           13      0.00%     99.76% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        25369      0.24%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::8            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            7                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     10640718                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntAlu             0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::MemRead        76927     75.20%     75.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        25369     24.80%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      2177205     64.21%     64.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult            0      0.00%     64.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     64.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     64.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     64.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     64.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     64.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     64.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     64.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     64.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     64.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     64.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     64.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     64.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     64.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     64.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     64.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     64.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     64.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     64.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     64.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     64.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     64.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     64.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     64.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     64.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     64.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     64.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     64.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       815994     24.07%     88.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       397391     11.72%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::total      3390590                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.rate                 0.300855                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_busy_cnt            102296                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.030171                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     17624864                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      4574135                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      3238341                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_alu_accesses      3492886                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        24542                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       231730                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            2                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1764                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewSquashCycles       179308                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewBlockCycles            62                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewUnblockCycles           18                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      3800177                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        40592                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       870943                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       397466                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        50731                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewIQFullEvents           21                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus10.iew.memOrderViolationEvents            2                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus10.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        76907                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus10.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        50761                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus10.iew.branchMispredicts       127668                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecutedInsts      3289925                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       715346                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       100665                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_nop                  13                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_refs            1112726                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_branches         589323                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_stores           397380                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_rate           0.291923                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_sent              3238357                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_count             3238341                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_producers         1538100                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_consumers         2721099                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_rate             0.287346                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_fanout           0.565250                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitCommittedInsts      2392040                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitCommittedOps      3026175                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitSquashedInsts       774001                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitNonSpecStalls       101460                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus10.commit.branchMispredicts       127661                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     10461410                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.289270                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     0.961211                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      9251531     88.43%     88.43% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       426983      4.08%     92.52% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       256122      2.45%     94.96% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       239256      2.29%     97.25% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       176728      1.69%     98.94% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        51564      0.49%     99.43% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        34680      0.33%     99.77% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::7            0      0.00%     99.77% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        24546      0.23%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     10461410                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committedInsts      2392040                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committedOps      3026175                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.refs              1034912                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.loads              639211                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.membars             50730                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.branches           511561                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.int_insts         2616076                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.function_calls        50731                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.bw_lim_events        24546                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus10.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus10.rob.rob_reads           14237040                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus10.rob.rob_writes           7779689                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus10.timesIdled                273955                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus10.idleCycles                629119                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus10.committedInsts           2392040                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.committedOps             3026175                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.committedInsts_total      2392040                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.cpi                     4.711392                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus10.cpi_total               4.711392                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus10.ipc                     0.212252                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus10.ipc_total               0.212252                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus10.int_regfile_reads       15128282                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus10.int_regfile_writes       3180860                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus10.misc_regfile_reads       4309249                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus10.misc_regfile_writes       101460                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus11.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus11.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.workload.num_syscalls                 57                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus11.numCycles               11269837                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus11.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus11.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.lookups         373229                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.condPredicted       307337                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        20387                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       171429                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBHits         159421                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.usedRAS          34809                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        14644                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.icacheStallCycles      3736559                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Insts              2317967                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Branches            373229                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.predictedBranches       194230                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Cycles              643589                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.SquashCycles        379303                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.BlockedCycles      5501951                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.MiscStallCycles            6                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles          177                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.CacheLines          303392                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.IcacheSquashes        98245                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::samples     10110057                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.417781                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.699052                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::0        9466468     93.63%     93.63% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::1          17924      0.18%     93.81% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::2          63716      0.63%     94.44% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::3          23598      0.23%     94.68% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::4          22350      0.22%     94.90% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::5          22874      0.23%     95.12% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::6          46250      0.46%     95.58% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::7          48642      0.48%     96.06% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::8         398235      3.94%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::total     10110057                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.branchRate        0.033118                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rate              0.205679                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.decode.IdleCycles        3415783                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BlockedCycles      5885754                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus11.decode.RunCycles          570971                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus11.decode.UnblockCycles        10152                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.decode.SquashCycles       227395                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BranchResolved        45788                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BranchMispred          381                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus11.decode.DecodedInsts      3839627                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus11.decode.SquashedInsts         2184                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus11.rename.SquashCycles       227395                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.rename.IdleCycles        3527283                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus11.rename.BlockCycles        351555                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus11.rename.serializeStallCycles      5334614                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RunCycles          449548                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus11.rename.UnblockCycles       219654                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenamedInsts      3263342                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus11.rename.ROBFullEvents            1                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.IQFullEvents         1019                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.LSQFullEvents       250659                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenamedOperands      3356105                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenameLookups     14812159                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus11.rename.int_rename_lookups     14812159                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus11.rename.CommittedMaps      1432933                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.UndoneMaps        1923166                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus11.rename.serializingInsts        13109                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.tempSerializingInsts        13109                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.skidInsts         1259870                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.insertedLoads       814916                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.insertedStores       291888                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.conflictingLoads         7788                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.conflictingStores        11944                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqInstsAdded          2614528                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        22888                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqInstsIssued         2282114                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         7521                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1170829                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      3870603                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           76                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     10110057                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.225727                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     0.926839                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      9297954     91.97%     91.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       270594      2.68%     94.64% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       170808      1.69%     96.33% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       105373      1.04%     97.38% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       120503      1.19%     98.57% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        55617      0.55%     99.12% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        34827      0.34%     99.46% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        50322      0.50%     99.96% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         4059      0.04%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     10110057                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          5848      9.21%      9.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%      9.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%      9.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%      9.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%      9.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%      9.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%      9.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%      9.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%      9.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%      9.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%      9.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%      9.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%      9.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%      9.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%      9.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%      9.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%      9.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%      9.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%      9.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%      9.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%      9.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%      9.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%      9.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%      9.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%      9.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%      9.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%      9.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%      9.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%      9.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::MemRead        34539     54.40%     63.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        23103     36.39%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1248317     54.70%     54.70% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult         3252      0.14%     54.84% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     54.84% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     54.84% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     54.84% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     54.84% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     54.84% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     54.84% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     54.84% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     54.84% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     54.84% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     54.84% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     54.84% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     54.84% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     54.84% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     54.84% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     54.84% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     54.84% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     54.84% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     54.84% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     54.84% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     54.84% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     54.84% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     54.84% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     54.84% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     54.84% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     54.84% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     54.84% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     54.84% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       776410     34.02%     88.86% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       254135     11.14%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::total      2282114                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.rate                 0.202498                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_busy_cnt             63490                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.027821                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     14745296                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      3808273                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1794830                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_alu_accesses      2345604                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         3371                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       510018                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            1                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           28                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        55931                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked       380324                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewSquashCycles       227395                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewBlockCycles        103711                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewUnblockCycles         4441                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      2642312                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts       118486                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       814916                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       291888                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        13109                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewIQFullEvents         3357                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewLSQFullEvents          290                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus11.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           28                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus11.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        19214                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus11.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        26774                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus11.iew.branchMispredicts        45988                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecutedInsts      2209620                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       727732                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        72494                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_nop                4896                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_refs             978280                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_branches         228890                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_stores           250548                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_rate           0.196065                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_sent              1799703                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_count             1794830                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_producers          860579                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_consumers         1626668                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_rate             0.159260                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_fanout           0.529044                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitCommittedInsts      1039406                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitCommittedOps      1465055                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitSquashedInsts      1177783                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        22811                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus11.commit.branchMispredicts        38615                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      9882662                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.148245                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     0.823394                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      9371052     94.82%     94.82% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       221398      2.24%     97.06% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        84263      0.85%     97.92% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        49267      0.50%     98.41% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        47533      0.48%     98.90% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        27777      0.28%     99.18% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        21368      0.22%     99.39% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         9927      0.10%     99.49% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        50077      0.51%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      9882662                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committedInsts      1039406                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committedOps      1465055                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.refs               540853                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.loads              304897                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.membars              9754                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.branches           205146                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.int_insts         1299414                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.function_calls        18110                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.bw_lim_events        50077                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus11.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus11.rob.rob_reads           12474682                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus11.rob.rob_writes           5513083                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus11.timesIdled                125171                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus11.idleCycles               1159780                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus11.committedInsts           1039406                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.committedOps             1465055                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.committedInsts_total      1039406                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.cpi                    10.842575                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus11.cpi_total              10.842575                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus11.ipc                     0.092229                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus11.ipc_total               0.092229                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus11.int_regfile_reads        9912883                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus11.int_regfile_writes       1820086                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus11.misc_regfile_reads       2907637                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus11.misc_regfile_writes        26000                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus12.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus12.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.workload.num_syscalls                 26                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus12.numCycles               11269837                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus12.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus12.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.lookups         628891                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.condPredicted       481850                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        14420                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       487866                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBHits         316401                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.usedRAS          43764                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         3568                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.icacheStallCycles      6784593                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Insts              4197919                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Branches            628891                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.predictedBranches       360165                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Cycles              957731                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.SquashCycles        351821                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.BlockedCycles      1803168                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.MiscStallCycles            1                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           28                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.CacheLines          412376                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.IcacheSquashes        45360                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::samples      9761881                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.605558                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.990152                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::0        8804150     90.19%     90.19% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::1          59113      0.61%     90.79% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::2          75490      0.77%     91.57% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::3          69829      0.72%     92.28% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::4          50951      0.52%     92.81% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::5          51301      0.53%     93.33% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::6          71223      0.73%     94.06% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::7          34429      0.35%     94.41% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::8         545395      5.59%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::total      9761881                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.branchRate        0.055803                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rate              0.372492                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.decode.IdleCycles        6794649                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BlockedCycles      1881512                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus12.decode.RunCycles          847270                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus12.decode.UnblockCycles        22407                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.decode.SquashCycles       216042                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BranchResolved       125486                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BranchMispred          319                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus12.decode.DecodedInsts      5278108                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus12.decode.SquashedInsts         1950                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus12.rename.SquashCycles       216042                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.rename.IdleCycles        6892065                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus12.rename.BlockCycles        426195                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus12.rename.serializeStallCycles      1276767                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RunCycles          756218                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus12.rename.UnblockCycles       194586                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenamedInsts      4638054                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus12.rename.ROBFullEvents            2                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.IQFullEvents         6134                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.LSQFullEvents       259649                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenamedOperands      4890940                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenameLookups     20797254                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus12.rename.int_rename_lookups     20797254                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus12.rename.CommittedMaps      2984215                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.UndoneMaps        1906714                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus12.rename.serializingInsts         2476                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.tempSerializingInsts         2475                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.skidInsts         1254345                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.insertedLoads      1159517                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.insertedStores       459613                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.conflictingLoads        28793                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.conflictingStores         7398                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqInstsAdded          4024754                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         4842                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqInstsIssued         3699789                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         5471                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1127112                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      3851636                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          103                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      9761881                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.379004                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.122097                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      8343857     85.47%     85.47% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       477804      4.89%     90.37% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       338831      3.47%     93.84% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       251331      2.57%     96.41% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       131732      1.35%     97.76% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       108859      1.12%     98.88% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        56347      0.58%     99.46% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        43935      0.45%     99.91% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         9185      0.09%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      9761881                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          2809      4.99%      4.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%      4.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%      4.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%      4.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%      4.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%      4.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%      4.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%      4.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%      4.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%      4.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%      4.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%      4.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%      4.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%      4.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%      4.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%      4.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%      4.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%      4.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%      4.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%      4.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%      4.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%      4.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%      4.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%      4.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%      4.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%      4.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%      4.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%      4.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%      4.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::MemRead        32757     58.16%     63.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        20756     36.85%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      2142442     57.91%     57.91% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult         8733      0.24%     58.14% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     58.14% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     58.14% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     58.14% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     58.14% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     58.14% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     58.14% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     58.14% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     58.14% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     58.14% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     58.14% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     58.14% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     58.14% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     58.14% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     58.14% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     58.14% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     58.14% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     58.14% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     58.14% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     58.14% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     58.14% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     58.14% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     58.14% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     58.14% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     58.14% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     58.14% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     58.14% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     58.14% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1112761     30.08%     88.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       435853     11.78%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::total      3699789                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.rate                 0.328291                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_busy_cnt             56322                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.015223                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     17223252                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      5156763                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      3212090                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_alu_accesses      3756111                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        40239                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       532237                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            9                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           63                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        59800                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked       339594                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewSquashCycles       216042                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewBlockCycles        178792                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewUnblockCycles        11019                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      4043323                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        75503                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1159517                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       459613                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         2474                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewIQFullEvents         9536                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewLSQFullEvents          290                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus12.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           63                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus12.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         9083                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus12.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        31259                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus12.iew.branchMispredicts        40342                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecutedInsts      3618673                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1037970                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        81116                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_nop               13727                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_refs            1472342                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_branches         558407                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_stores           434372                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_rate           0.321094                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_sent              3213472                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_count             3212090                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_producers         1674443                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_consumers         2897279                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_rate             0.285017                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_fanout           0.577936                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitCommittedInsts      2500362                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitCommittedOps      2879609                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitSquashedInsts      1164036                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         4739                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus12.commit.branchMispredicts        37755                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      9545839                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.301661                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.138331                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      8472402     88.75%     88.75% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       469707      4.92%     93.68% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       251328      2.63%     96.31% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        94856      0.99%     97.30% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        56320      0.59%     97.89% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        42596      0.45%     98.34% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        30200      0.32%     98.65% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        24222      0.25%     98.91% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       104208      1.09%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      9545839                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committedInsts      2500362                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committedOps      2879609                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.refs              1027093                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.loads              627280                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.membars              2341                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.branches           526709                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.int_insts         2430830                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.function_calls        37935                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.bw_lim_events       104208                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus12.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus12.rob.rob_reads           13484938                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus12.rob.rob_writes           8304043                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus12.timesIdled                180103                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus12.idleCycles               1507956                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus12.committedInsts           2500362                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.committedOps             2879609                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.committedInsts_total      2500362                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.cpi                     4.507282                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus12.cpi_total               4.507282                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus12.ipc                     0.221863                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus12.ipc_total               0.221863                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus12.int_regfile_reads       16321795                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus12.int_regfile_writes       3314933                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus12.misc_regfile_reads       5275782                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus12.misc_regfile_writes         4744                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus13.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus13.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.workload.num_syscalls                 65                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus13.numCycles               11269837                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus13.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus13.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.lookups         500822                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.condPredicted       453164                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        12739                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       414892                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBHits         296081                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.usedRAS          30524                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        11478                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2364515                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Insts              2389129                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Branches            500822                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.predictedBranches       326605                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Cycles             1116732                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.SquashCycles        660148                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.BlockedCycles      4857438                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.MiscStallCycles            6                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           32                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.CacheLines          163626                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.IcacheSquashes        41349                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::samples      8689576                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.917771                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.452141                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::0        7572844     87.15%     87.15% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::1           5444      0.06%     87.21% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::2          31709      0.36%     87.58% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::3          28355      0.33%     87.90% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::4          11953      0.14%     88.04% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::5          21262      0.24%     88.28% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::6         231480      2.66%     90.95% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::7          14117      0.16%     91.11% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::8         772412      8.89%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::total      8689576                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.branchRate        0.044439                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rate              0.211993                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.decode.IdleCycles        2456617                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BlockedCycles      5034781                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus13.decode.RunCycles          832045                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus13.decode.UnblockCycles        15337                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.decode.SquashCycles       350790                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BranchResolved        32710                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BranchMispred           63                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus13.decode.DecodedInsts      6259370                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus13.decode.SquashedInsts          345                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus13.rename.SquashCycles       350790                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.rename.IdleCycles        2754519                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus13.rename.BlockCycles       1111494                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus13.rename.serializeStallCycles      3555837                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RunCycles          547305                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus13.rename.UnblockCycles       369625                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenamedInsts      4077983                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus13.rename.IQFullEvents         1030                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.LSQFullEvents       627818                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenamedOperands      3929107                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenameLookups     19606491                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus13.rename.int_rename_lookups     19606491                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus13.rename.CommittedMaps      1184390                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.UndoneMaps        2744694                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus13.rename.serializingInsts         7759                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.tempSerializingInsts         7758                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.skidInsts         3514805                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.insertedLoads      1525261                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.insertedStores       320174                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.conflictingLoads        12468                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.conflictingStores        11288                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqInstsAdded          2812729                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        15403                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqInstsIssued         2583317                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         7745                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1534075                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      6840653                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           41                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      8689576                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.297289                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.045155                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      7862542     90.48%     90.48% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       194836      2.24%     92.72% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       124165      1.43%     94.15% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        81341      0.94%     95.09% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       334222      3.85%     98.94% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        39001      0.45%     99.38% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        22315      0.26%     99.64% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        18887      0.22%     99.86% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        12267      0.14%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      8689576                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntAlu             1      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::MemRead        42809     70.87%     70.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        17598     29.13%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu       825373     31.95%     31.95% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult         2550      0.10%     32.05% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     32.05% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     32.05% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     32.05% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     32.05% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     32.05% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     32.05% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     32.05% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     32.05% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     32.05% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     32.05% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     32.05% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     32.05% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     32.05% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     32.05% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     32.05% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     32.05% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     32.05% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     32.05% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     32.05% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     32.05% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     32.05% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     32.05% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     32.05% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     32.05% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     32.05% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     32.05% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     32.05% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1474490     57.08%     89.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       280904     10.87%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::total      2583317                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.rate                 0.229224                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_busy_cnt             60408                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.023384                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     13924363                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      4362233                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1424139                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_alu_accesses      2643725                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         3942                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      1198860                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses         1272                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           26                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        52638                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked      1095512                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewSquashCycles       350790                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewBlockCycles        227624                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewUnblockCycles        10804                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      2831967                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        38255                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1525261                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       320174                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         7754                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewIQFullEvents         3928                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewLSQFullEvents         4449                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus13.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           26                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus13.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        12976                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus13.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        17319                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus13.iew.branchMispredicts        30295                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecutedInsts      2546152                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1455999                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        37165                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_nop                3835                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_refs            1730396                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_branches         175102                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_stores           274397                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_rate           0.225926                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_sent              1426792                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_count             1424139                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_producers          697677                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_consumers         1422875                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_rate             0.126367                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_fanout           0.490329                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitCommittedInsts       763885                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitCommittedOps      1291960                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitSquashedInsts      1542652                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        15362                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus13.commit.branchMispredicts        29353                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      8338786                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.154934                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     0.844089                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      7902732     94.77%     94.77% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       162676      1.95%     96.72% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        90695      1.09%     97.81% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        47568      0.57%     98.38% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        42408      0.51%     98.89% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        22942      0.28%     99.16% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        14957      0.18%     99.34% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         7358      0.09%     99.43% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        47450      0.57%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      8338786                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committedInsts       763885                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committedOps      1291960                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.refs               593925                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.loads              326397                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.membars              7648                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.branches           158036                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.int_insts         1165094                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.function_calls        14280                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.bw_lim_events        47450                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus13.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus13.rob.rob_reads           11125103                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus13.rob.rob_writes           6020048                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus13.timesIdled                 62980                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus13.idleCycles               2580261                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus13.committedInsts            763885                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.committedOps             1291960                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.committedInsts_total       763885                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.cpi                    14.753316                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus13.cpi_total              14.753316                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus13.ipc                     0.067781                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus13.ipc_total               0.067781                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus13.int_regfile_reads       11327331                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus13.int_regfile_writes       1294006                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus13.misc_regfile_reads       3007732                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus13.misc_regfile_writes        15298                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus14.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus14.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.workload.num_syscalls                  0                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus14.numCycles               11269837                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus14.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus14.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.lookups         792801                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.condPredicted       518642                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        76983                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       659930                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBHits         253832                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.usedRAS         102333                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        76131                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.icacheStallCycles      6884235                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Insts              3148359                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Branches            792801                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.predictedBranches       356165                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Cycles              763966                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.SquashCycles        307158                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.BlockedCycles      2812583                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.MiscStallCycles            7                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles          165                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.CacheLines          484664                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.IcacheSquashes       127715                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::samples     10640371                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.375022                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.569278                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::0        9876405     92.82%     92.82% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::1         111648      1.05%     93.87% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::2         138675      1.30%     95.17% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::3          86281      0.81%     95.98% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::4              7      0.00%     95.98% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::5             63      0.00%     95.98% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::6          25381      0.24%     96.22% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::7          25386      0.24%     96.46% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::8         376525      3.54%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::total     10640371                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.branchRate        0.070347                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rate              0.279362                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.decode.IdleCycles        6047853                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BlockedCycles      3649144                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus14.decode.RunCycles          763954                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus14.decode.UnblockCycles           14                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.decode.SquashCycles       179405                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BranchResolved       223382                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BranchMispred           10                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus14.decode.DecodedInsts      3990255                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus14.decode.SquashedInsts           42                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus14.rename.SquashCycles       179405                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.rename.IdleCycles        6052965                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus14.rename.BlockCycles           101                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus14.rename.serializeStallCycles      3573696                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RunCycles          758849                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus14.rename.UnblockCycles        75348                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenamedInsts      3980042                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus14.rename.IQFullEvents           11                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.LSQFullEvents        24569                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenamedOperands      4100147                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenameLookups     17356957                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus14.rename.int_rename_lookups     17356957                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus14.rename.CommittedMaps      3148832                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.UndoneMaps         951273                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus14.rename.serializingInsts        50758                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.tempSerializingInsts        50758                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.skidInsts          325965                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.insertedLoads       871425                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.insertedStores       397686                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.conflictingLoads        76203                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.conflictingStores            0                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqInstsAdded          3700752                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded       101516                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqInstsIssued         3392463                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       100721                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       774385                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      2355251                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     10640371                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.318829                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     0.944901                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      9084597     85.38%     85.38% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       732559      6.88%     92.26% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       299543      2.82%     95.08% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       212384      2.00%     97.07% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       183553      1.73%     98.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       102339      0.96%     99.76% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::6           13      0.00%     99.76% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        25383      0.24%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::8            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            7                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     10640371                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntAlu             0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::MemRead        76970     75.20%     75.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        25383     24.80%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      2178410     64.21%     64.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult            0      0.00%     64.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     64.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     64.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     64.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     64.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     64.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     64.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     64.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     64.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     64.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     64.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     64.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     64.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     64.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     64.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     64.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     64.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     64.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     64.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     64.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     64.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     64.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     64.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     64.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     64.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     64.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     64.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     64.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       816441     24.07%     88.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       397612     11.72%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::total      3392463                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.rate                 0.301021                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_busy_cnt            102353                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.030171                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     17628367                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      4576655                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      3240128                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_alu_accesses      3494816                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        24555                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       231853                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            2                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1766                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewSquashCycles       179405                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewBlockCycles            62                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewUnblockCycles           18                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      3802281                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        40616                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       871425                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       397686                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        50758                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewIQFullEvents           21                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus14.iew.memOrderViolationEvents            2                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus14.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        76950                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus14.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        50789                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus14.iew.branchMispredicts       127739                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecutedInsts      3291743                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       715738                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       100716                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_nop                  13                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_refs            1113339                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_branches         589648                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_stores           397601                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_rate           0.292084                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_sent              3240144                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_count             3240128                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_producers         1538946                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_consumers         2722596                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_rate             0.287504                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_fanout           0.565249                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitCommittedInsts      2393352                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitCommittedOps      3027832                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitSquashedInsts       774436                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitNonSpecStalls       101516                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus14.commit.branchMispredicts       127732                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     10460965                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.289441                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     0.961467                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      9250421     88.43%     88.43% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       427218      4.08%     92.51% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       256264      2.45%     94.96% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       239389      2.29%     97.25% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       176822      1.69%     98.94% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        51593      0.49%     99.43% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        34699      0.33%     99.77% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::7            0      0.00%     99.77% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        24559      0.23%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     10460965                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committedInsts      2393352                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committedOps      3027832                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.refs              1035478                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.loads              639559                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.membars             50758                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.branches           511842                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.int_insts         2617507                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.function_calls        50759                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.bw_lim_events        24559                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus14.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus14.rob.rob_reads           14238674                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus14.rob.rob_writes           7783983                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus14.timesIdled                274105                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus14.idleCycles                629466                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus14.committedInsts           2393352                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.committedOps             3027832                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.committedInsts_total      2393352                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.cpi                     4.708809                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus14.cpi_total               4.708809                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus14.ipc                     0.212368                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus14.ipc_total               0.212368                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus14.int_regfile_reads       15136625                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus14.int_regfile_writes       3182615                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus14.misc_regfile_reads       4311625                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus14.misc_regfile_writes       101516                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus15.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus15.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.workload.num_syscalls                 56                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus15.numCycles               11269837                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus15.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus15.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.lookups         369040                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.condPredicted       304315                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        20190                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       171966                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBHits         157289                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.usedRAS          35147                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        14492                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.icacheStallCycles      3714463                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Insts              2275650                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Branches            369040                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.predictedBranches       192436                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Cycles              637700                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.SquashCycles        378300                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.BlockedCycles      5504578                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.MiscStallCycles            6                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles          185                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.CacheLines          302448                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.IcacheSquashes        98321                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::samples     10084085                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.413934                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.690640                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::0        9446385     93.68%     93.68% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::1          18613      0.18%     93.86% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::2          63244      0.63%     94.49% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::3          23418      0.23%     94.72% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::4          22437      0.22%     94.94% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::5          23225      0.23%     95.17% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::6          46913      0.47%     95.64% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::7          47364      0.47%     96.11% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::8         392486      3.89%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::total     10084085                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.branchRate        0.032746                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rate              0.201924                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.decode.IdleCycles        3396059                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BlockedCycles      5884506                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus15.decode.RunCycles          565871                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus15.decode.UnblockCycles        10864                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.decode.SquashCycles       226783                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BranchResolved        45334                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BranchMispred          371                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus15.decode.DecodedInsts      3800437                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus15.decode.SquashedInsts         2131                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus15.rename.SquashCycles       226783                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.rename.IdleCycles        3507250                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus15.rename.BlockCycles        350948                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus15.rename.serializeStallCycles      5337043                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RunCycles          445958                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus15.rename.UnblockCycles       216095                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenamedInsts      3229821                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus15.rename.IQFullEvents          941                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.LSQFullEvents       246814                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenamedOperands      3323153                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenameLookups     14660401                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus15.rename.int_rename_lookups     14660401                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus15.rename.CommittedMaps      1419186                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.UndoneMaps        1903966                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus15.rename.serializingInsts        12971                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.tempSerializingInsts        12971                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.skidInsts         1237744                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.insertedLoads       815008                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.insertedStores       286992                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.conflictingLoads         7793                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.conflictingStores         6538                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqInstsAdded          2592221                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        22650                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqInstsIssued         2265169                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         7369                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1161362                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      3859511                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           75                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     10084085                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.224628                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     0.927731                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      9283366     92.06%     92.06% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       265213      2.63%     94.69% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       167733      1.66%     96.35% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       101780      1.01%     97.36% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       119699      1.19%     98.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        56198      0.56%     99.11% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        35331      0.35%     99.46% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        50742      0.50%     99.96% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         4023      0.04%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     10084085                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          5837      9.20%      9.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%      9.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%      9.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%      9.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%      9.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%      9.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%      9.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%      9.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%      9.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%      9.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%      9.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%      9.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%      9.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%      9.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%      9.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%      9.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%      9.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%      9.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%      9.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%      9.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%      9.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%      9.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%      9.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%      9.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%      9.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%      9.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%      9.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%      9.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%      9.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::MemRead        34735     54.74%     63.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        22885     36.06%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1233354     54.45%     54.45% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult         3219      0.14%     54.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     54.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     54.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     54.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     54.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     54.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     54.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     54.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     54.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     54.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     54.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     54.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     54.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     54.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     54.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     54.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     54.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     54.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     54.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     54.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     54.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     54.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     54.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     54.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     54.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     54.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     54.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     54.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       777337     34.32%     88.91% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       251259     11.09%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::total      2265169                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.rate                 0.200994                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_busy_cnt             63457                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.028014                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     14685249                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      3776254                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1775098                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_alu_accesses      2328626                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         3343                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       512973                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            1                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           22                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        53174                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked       384611                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewSquashCycles       226783                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewBlockCycles        103648                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewUnblockCycles         4420                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      2619717                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts       112025                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       815008                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       286992                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        12970                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewIQFullEvents         3351                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewLSQFullEvents          300                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus15.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           22                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus15.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        18773                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus15.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        25636                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus15.iew.branchMispredicts        44409                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecutedInsts      2193679                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       728449                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        71490                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_nop                4846                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_refs             976558                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_branches         225641                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_stores           248109                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_rate           0.194650                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_sent              1779876                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_count             1775098                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_producers          850572                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_consumers         1606703                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_rate             0.157509                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_fanout           0.529390                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitCommittedInsts      1029190                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitCommittedOps      1451214                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitSquashedInsts      1168992                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        22574                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus15.commit.branchMispredicts        38264                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      9857302                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.147222                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     0.823927                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      9355391     94.91%     94.91% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       215502      2.19%     97.09% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        82324      0.84%     97.93% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        48883      0.50%     98.43% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        44647      0.45%     98.88% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        27525      0.28%     99.16% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        22384      0.23%     99.38% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        11270      0.11%     99.50% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        49376      0.50%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      9857302                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committedInsts      1029190                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committedOps      1451214                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.refs               535852                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.loads              302035                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.membars              9654                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.branches           203050                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.int_insts         1287261                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.function_calls        17923                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.bw_lim_events        49376                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus15.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus15.rob.rob_reads           12427404                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus15.rob.rob_writes           5467201                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus15.timesIdled                124917                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus15.idleCycles               1185752                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus15.committedInsts           1029190                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.committedOps             1451214                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.committedInsts_total      1029190                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.cpi                    10.950201                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus15.cpi_total              10.950201                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus15.ipc                     0.091323                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus15.ipc_total               0.091323                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus15.int_regfile_reads        9839987                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus15.int_regfile_writes       1801390                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus15.misc_regfile_reads       2859596                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus15.misc_regfile_writes        25730                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.l200.replacements                         3649                       # number of replacements
system.l200.tagsinuse                     2006.442383                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l200.total_refs                           2699                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l200.sampled_refs                         5668                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l200.avg_refs                         0.476182                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l200.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l200.occ_blocks::writebacks        1874.905863                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l200.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.inst    16.983985                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l200.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.data    43.552535                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l200.occ_blocks::cpu00.inst                  1                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l200.occ_blocks::cpu00.data                 70                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l200.occ_percent::writebacks          0.915481                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l200.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.inst     0.008293                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l200.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.data     0.021266                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l200.occ_percent::cpu00.inst          0.000488                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l200.occ_percent::cpu00.data          0.034180                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l200.occ_percent::total               0.979708                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l200.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l200.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data          873                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l200.ReadReq_hits::total                   874                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l200.Writeback_hits::writebacks           3709                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l200.Writeback_hits::total                3709                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l200.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data           11                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l200.ReadExReq_hits::total                  11                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l200.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l200.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.data          884                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l200.demand_hits::total                    885                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l200.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l200.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.data          884                       # number of overall hits
system.l200.overall_hits::total                   885                       # number of overall hits
system.l200.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           32                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l200.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data          103                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l200.ReadReq_misses::total                 135                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l200.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data         3539                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l200.ReadExReq_misses::total              3539                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l200.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           32                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l200.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.data         3642                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l200.demand_misses::total                 3674                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l200.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           32                       # number of overall misses
system.l200.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.data         3642                       # number of overall misses
system.l200.overall_misses::total                3674                       # number of overall misses
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst    105917512                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    168564948                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     274482460                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l200.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   3176548522                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l200.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total   3176548522                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l200.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst    105917512                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l200.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   3345113470                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l200.demand_miss_latency::total     3451030982                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l200.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst    105917512                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l200.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   3345113470                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l200.overall_miss_latency::total    3451030982                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           33                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data          976                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.ReadReq_accesses::total              1009                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         3709                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.Writeback_accesses::total            3709                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data         3550                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.ReadExReq_accesses::total            3550                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           33                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l200.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.data         4526                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l200.demand_accesses::total               4559                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l200.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           33                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l200.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.data         4526                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l200.overall_accesses::total              4559                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.969697                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.105533                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.133796                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.996901                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l200.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.996901                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l200.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.969697                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.804684                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.demand_miss_rate::total          0.805878                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.969697                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.804684                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.overall_miss_rate::total         0.805878                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 3309922.250000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 1636552.893204                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 2033203.407407                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l200.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 897583.645663                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l200.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 897583.645663                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 3309922.250000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 918482.556288                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 939311.644529                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 3309922.250000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 918482.556288                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 939311.644529                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l200.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l200.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l200.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l200.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l200.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l200.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l200.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l200.writebacks::writebacks               3609                       # number of writebacks
system.l200.writebacks::total                    3609                       # number of writebacks
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           32                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data          103                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            135                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l200.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data         3539                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l200.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total         3539                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l200.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           32                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l200.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data         3642                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l200.demand_mshr_misses::total            3674                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l200.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           32                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l200.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data         3642                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l200.overall_mshr_misses::total           3674                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst    103107912                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    159521548                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    262629460                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   2865824322                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2865824322                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst    103107912                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   3025345870                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   3128453782                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst    103107912                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   3025345870                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   3128453782                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.969697                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.105533                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.133796                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.996901                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l200.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.996901                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.969697                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.804684                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.805878                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.969697                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.804684                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.805878                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 3222122.250000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 1548752.893204                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1945403.407407                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l200.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 809783.645663                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l200.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 809783.645663                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 3222122.250000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 830682.556288                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 851511.644529                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 3222122.250000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 830682.556288                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 851511.644529                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l201.replacements                          700                       # number of replacements
system.l201.tagsinuse                     1740.787616                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l201.total_refs                             40                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l201.sampled_refs                         2733                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l201.avg_refs                         0.014636                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l201.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l201.occ_blocks::writebacks        1629.343109                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l201.occ_blocks::cpu01.inst          77.211762                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l201.occ_blocks::cpu01.data          34.232745                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l201.occ_percent::writebacks          0.795578                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l201.occ_percent::cpu01.inst          0.037701                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l201.occ_percent::cpu01.data          0.016715                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l201.occ_percent::total               0.849994                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l201.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data            3                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l201.ReadReq_hits::total                     3                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l201.Writeback_hits::writebacks           1673                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l201.Writeback_hits::total                1673                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l201.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.data            3                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l201.demand_hits::total                      3                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l201.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.data            3                       # number of overall hits
system.l201.overall_hits::total                     3                       # number of overall hits
system.l201.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data         1671                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l201.ReadExReq_misses::total              1671                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l201.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.data         1671                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l201.demand_misses::total                 1671                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l201.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.data         1671                       # number of overall misses
system.l201.overall_misses::total                1671                       # number of overall misses
system.l201.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   1264103290                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l201.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total   1264103290                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l201.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   1264103290                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l201.demand_miss_latency::total     1264103290                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l201.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   1264103290                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l201.overall_miss_latency::total    1264103290                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data            3                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.ReadReq_accesses::total                 3                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         1673                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.Writeback_accesses::total            1673                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data         1671                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.ReadExReq_accesses::total            1671                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.data         1674                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l201.demand_accesses::total               1674                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l201.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.data         1674                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l201.overall_accesses::total              1674                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l201.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l201.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total              1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l201.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.998208                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.demand_miss_rate::total          0.998208                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.998208                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.overall_miss_rate::total         0.998208                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 756495.086774                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l201.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 756495.086774                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 756495.086774                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 756495.086774                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 756495.086774                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 756495.086774                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l201.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l201.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l201.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l201.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l201.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l201.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l201.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l201.writebacks::writebacks                529                       # number of writebacks
system.l201.writebacks::total                     529                       # number of writebacks
system.l201.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data         1671                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l201.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total         1671                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l201.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data         1671                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l201.demand_mshr_misses::total            1671                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l201.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data         1671                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l201.overall_mshr_misses::total           1671                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l201.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   1117389490                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1117389490                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   1117389490                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1117389490                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   1117389490                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1117389490                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l201.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.998208                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.998208                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.998208                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.998208                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 668695.086774                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l201.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 668695.086774                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 668695.086774                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 668695.086774                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 668695.086774                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 668695.086774                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l202.replacements                            0                       # number of replacements
system.l202.tagsinuse                      436.911919                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l202.total_refs                             38                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l202.sampled_refs                          595                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l202.avg_refs                         0.063866                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l202.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l202.occ_blocks::writebacks         245.913210                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l202.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.inst     2.998709                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l202.occ_blocks::cpu02.inst                126                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l202.occ_blocks::cpu02.data                 62                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l202.occ_percent::writebacks          0.120075                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l202.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.inst     0.001464                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l202.occ_percent::cpu02.inst          0.061523                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l202.occ_percent::cpu02.data          0.030273                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l202.occ_percent::total               0.213336                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l202.Writeback_hits::writebacks            317                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l202.Writeback_hits::total                 317                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l202.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.inst            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l202.ReadReq_misses::total                   3                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l202.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data          318                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l202.ReadExReq_misses::total               318                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l202.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.inst            3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l202.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.data          318                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l202.demand_misses::total                  321                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l202.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.inst            3                       # number of overall misses
system.l202.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.data          318                       # number of overall misses
system.l202.overall_misses::total                 321                       # number of overall misses
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      2682123                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_latency::total       2682123                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l202.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    212922161                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l202.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total    212922161                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l202.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      2682123                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l202.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    212922161                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l202.demand_miss_latency::total      215604284                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l202.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      2682123                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l202.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    212922161                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l202.overall_miss_latency::total     215604284                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst            3                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.ReadReq_accesses::total                 3                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          317                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.Writeback_accesses::total             317                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data          318                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.ReadExReq_accesses::total             318                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst            3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l202.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.data          318                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l202.demand_accesses::total                321                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l202.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst            3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l202.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.data          318                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l202.overall_accesses::total               321                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_rate::total                1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l202.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total              1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l202.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.demand_miss_rate::total                 1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.overall_miss_rate::total                1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst       894041                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total       894041                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l202.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 669566.544025                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l202.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 669566.544025                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst       894041                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 669566.544025                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 671664.436137                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst       894041                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 669566.544025                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 671664.436137                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l202.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l202.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l202.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l202.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l202.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l202.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l202.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst            3                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total              3                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l202.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data          318                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l202.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total          318                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l202.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst            3                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l202.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data          318                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l202.demand_mshr_misses::total             321                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l202.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst            3                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l202.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data          318                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l202.overall_mshr_misses::total            321                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      2418723                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      2418723                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    185089561                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    185089561                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      2418723                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    185089561                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    187508284                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      2418723                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    185089561                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    187508284                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l202.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst       806241                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total       806241                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l202.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 582042.644654                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l202.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 582042.644654                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst       806241                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 582042.644654                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 584137.956386                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst       806241                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 582042.644654                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 584137.956386                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l203.replacements                         3706                       # number of replacements
system.l203.tagsinuse                     2007.281556                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l203.total_refs                           2648                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l203.sampled_refs                         5718                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l203.avg_refs                         0.463099                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l203.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l203.occ_blocks::writebacks        1878.117314                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l203.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.inst    13.760394                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l203.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.data    45.403848                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l203.occ_blocks::cpu03.inst                  2                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l203.occ_blocks::cpu03.data                 68                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l203.occ_percent::writebacks          0.917049                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l203.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.inst     0.006719                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l203.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.data     0.022170                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l203.occ_percent::cpu03.inst          0.000977                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l203.occ_percent::cpu03.data          0.033203                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l203.occ_percent::total               0.980118                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l203.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data          831                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l203.ReadReq_hits::total                   831                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l203.Writeback_hits::writebacks           3766                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l203.Writeback_hits::total                3766                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l203.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data           13                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l203.ReadExReq_hits::total                  13                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l203.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.data          844                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l203.demand_hits::total                    844                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l203.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.data          844                       # number of overall hits
system.l203.overall_hits::total                   844                       # number of overall hits
system.l203.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           28                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l203.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data          110                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l203.ReadReq_misses::total                 138                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l203.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data         3580                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l203.ReadExReq_misses::total              3580                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l203.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           28                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l203.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.data         3690                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l203.demand_misses::total                 3718                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l203.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           28                       # number of overall misses
system.l203.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.data         3690                       # number of overall misses
system.l203.overall_misses::total                3718                       # number of overall misses
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     78309074                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    150717585                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     229026659                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l203.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   3041084550                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l203.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total   3041084550                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l203.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     78309074                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l203.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   3191802135                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l203.demand_miss_latency::total     3270111209                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l203.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     78309074                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l203.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   3191802135                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l203.overall_miss_latency::total    3270111209                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           28                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data          941                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.ReadReq_accesses::total               969                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         3766                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.Writeback_accesses::total            3766                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data         3593                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.ReadExReq_accesses::total            3593                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           28                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l203.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.data         4534                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l203.demand_accesses::total               4562                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l203.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           28                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l203.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.data         4534                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l203.overall_accesses::total              4562                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.116897                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.142415                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.996382                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l203.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.996382                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l203.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.813851                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.demand_miss_rate::total          0.814993                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.813851                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.overall_miss_rate::total         0.814993                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 2796752.642857                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 1370159.863636                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1659613.471014                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l203.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 849464.958101                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l203.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 849464.958101                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 2796752.642857                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 864987.028455                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 879535.021248                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 2796752.642857                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 864987.028455                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 879535.021248                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l203.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l203.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l203.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l203.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l203.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l203.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l203.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l203.writebacks::writebacks               3670                       # number of writebacks
system.l203.writebacks::total                    3670                       # number of writebacks
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           28                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data          110                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            138                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l203.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data         3580                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l203.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total         3580                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l203.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           28                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l203.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data         3690                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l203.demand_mshr_misses::total            3718                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l203.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           28                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l203.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data         3690                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l203.overall_mshr_misses::total           3718                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     75850674                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    141059585                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    216910259                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   2726760550                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2726760550                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     75850674                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   2867820135                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   2943670809                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     75850674                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   2867820135                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   2943670809                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.116897                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.142415                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.996382                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l203.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.996382                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.813851                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.814993                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.813851                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.814993                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 2708952.642857                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 1282359.863636                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1571813.471014                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l203.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 761664.958101                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l203.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 761664.958101                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 2708952.642857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 777187.028455                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 791735.021248                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 2708952.642857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 777187.028455                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 791735.021248                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l204.replacements                          623                       # number of replacements
system.l204.tagsinuse                     1172.802700                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l204.total_refs                            345                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l204.sampled_refs                         2609                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l204.avg_refs                         0.132235                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l204.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l204.occ_blocks::writebacks         580.191749                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l204.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.inst    45.083827                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l204.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.data   110.787228                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l204.occ_blocks::cpu04.inst         261.350603                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l204.occ_blocks::cpu04.data         175.389293                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l204.occ_percent::writebacks          0.283297                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l204.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.inst     0.022014                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l204.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.data     0.054095                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l204.occ_percent::cpu04.inst          0.127613                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l204.occ_percent::cpu04.data          0.085639                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l204.occ_percent::total               0.572658                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l204.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            6                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l204.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data          238                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l204.ReadReq_hits::total                   244                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l204.Writeback_hits::writebacks           1653                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l204.Writeback_hits::total                1653                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l204.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data            7                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l204.ReadExReq_hits::total                   7                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l204.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            6                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l204.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.data          245                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l204.demand_hits::total                    251                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l204.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            6                       # number of overall hits
system.l204.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.data          245                       # number of overall hits
system.l204.overall_hits::total                   251                       # number of overall hits
system.l204.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.inst          108                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l204.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data          225                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l204.ReadReq_misses::total                 333                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l204.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data         1602                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l204.ReadExReq_misses::total              1602                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l204.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.inst          108                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l204.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.data         1827                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l204.demand_misses::total                 1935                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l204.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.inst          108                       # number of overall misses
system.l204.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.data         1827                       # number of overall misses
system.l204.overall_misses::total                1935                       # number of overall misses
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst    170692167                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    174360911                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     345053078                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l204.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   1268238986                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l204.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total   1268238986                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l204.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst    170692167                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l204.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   1442599897                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l204.demand_miss_latency::total     1613292064                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l204.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst    170692167                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l204.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   1442599897                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l204.overall_miss_latency::total    1613292064                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst          114                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data          463                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.ReadReq_accesses::total               577                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         1653                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.Writeback_accesses::total            1653                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data         1609                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.ReadExReq_accesses::total            1609                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst          114                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l204.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.data         2072                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l204.demand_accesses::total               2186                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l204.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst          114                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l204.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.data         2072                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l204.overall_accesses::total              2186                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.947368                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.485961                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.577123                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.995649                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l204.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.995649                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l204.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.947368                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.881757                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.demand_miss_rate::total          0.885178                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.947368                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.881757                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.overall_miss_rate::total         0.885178                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 1580483.027778                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 774937.382222                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1036195.429429                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l204.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 791659.791511                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l204.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 791659.791511                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 1580483.027778                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 789600.381500                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 833742.668734                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 1580483.027778                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 789600.381500                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 833742.668734                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l204.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l204.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l204.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l204.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l204.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l204.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l204.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l204.writebacks::writebacks                194                       # number of writebacks
system.l204.writebacks::total                     194                       # number of writebacks
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data            2                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total                2                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l204.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data            2                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l204.demand_mshr_hits::total                 2                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l204.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data            2                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l204.overall_mshr_hits::total                2                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst          108                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data          223                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            331                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l204.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data         1602                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l204.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total         1602                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l204.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst          108                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l204.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data         1825                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l204.demand_mshr_misses::total            1933                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l204.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst          108                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l204.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data         1825                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l204.overall_mshr_misses::total           1933                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst    161209767                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    151431911                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    312641678                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   1127583386                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1127583386                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst    161209767                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   1279015297                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1440225064                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst    161209767                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   1279015297                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1440225064                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.947368                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.481641                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.573657                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.995649                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l204.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.995649                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.947368                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.880792                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.884263                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.947368                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.880792                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.884263                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 1492683.027778                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 679066.865471                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 944536.791541                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l204.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 703859.791511                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l204.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 703859.791511                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 1492683.027778                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 700830.299726                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 745072.459390                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 1492683.027778                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 700830.299726                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 745072.459390                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l205.replacements                         4058                       # number of replacements
system.l205.tagsinuse                     2010.708581                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l205.total_refs                            150                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l205.sampled_refs                         6068                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l205.avg_refs                         0.024720                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l205.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l205.occ_blocks::writebacks        1985.708989                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l205.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.inst    13.036168                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l205.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.data     6.963424                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l205.occ_blocks::cpu05.data                  5                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l205.occ_percent::writebacks          0.969584                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l205.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.inst     0.006365                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l205.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.data     0.003400                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l205.occ_percent::cpu05.data          0.002441                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l205.occ_percent::total               0.981791                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l205.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l205.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data           34                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l205.ReadReq_hits::total                    35                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l205.Writeback_hits::writebacks           4038                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l205.Writeback_hits::total                4038                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l205.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data            4                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l205.ReadExReq_hits::total                   4                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l205.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l205.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.data           38                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l205.demand_hits::total                     39                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l205.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l205.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.data           38                       # number of overall hits
system.l205.overall_hits::total                    39                       # number of overall hits
system.l205.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           28                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l205.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data           15                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l205.ReadReq_misses::total                  43                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l205.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data         4017                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l205.ReadExReq_misses::total              4017                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l205.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           28                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l205.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.data         4032                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l205.demand_misses::total                 4060                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l205.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           28                       # number of overall misses
system.l205.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.data         4032                       # number of overall misses
system.l205.overall_misses::total                4060                       # number of overall misses
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     93953059                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data     54904267                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     148857326                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l205.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   3437841832                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l205.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total   3437841832                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l205.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     93953059                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l205.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   3492746099                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l205.demand_miss_latency::total     3586699158                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l205.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     93953059                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l205.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   3492746099                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l205.overall_miss_latency::total    3586699158                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           29                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data           49                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.ReadReq_accesses::total                78                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         4038                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.Writeback_accesses::total            4038                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data         4021                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.ReadExReq_accesses::total            4021                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           29                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l205.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.data         4070                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l205.demand_accesses::total               4099                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l205.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           29                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l205.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.data         4070                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l205.overall_accesses::total              4099                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.965517                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.306122                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.551282                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.999005                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l205.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.999005                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l205.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.965517                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.990663                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.demand_miss_rate::total          0.990485                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.965517                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.990663                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.overall_miss_rate::total         0.990485                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 3355466.392857                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 3660284.466667                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 3461798.279070                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l205.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 855823.209360                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l205.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 855823.209360                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 3355466.392857                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 866256.472966                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 883423.437931                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 3355466.392857                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 866256.472966                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 883423.437931                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l205.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l205.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l205.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l205.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l205.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l205.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l205.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l205.writebacks::writebacks               4026                       # number of writebacks
system.l205.writebacks::total                    4026                       # number of writebacks
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           28                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data           15                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total             43                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l205.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data         4017                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l205.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total         4017                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l205.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           28                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l205.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data         4032                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l205.demand_mshr_misses::total            4060                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l205.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           28                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l205.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data         4032                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l205.overall_mshr_misses::total           4060                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     91494659                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data     53587267                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    145081926                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   3085237032                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3085237032                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     91494659                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   3138824299                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   3230318958                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     91494659                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   3138824299                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   3230318958                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.965517                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.306122                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.551282                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.999005                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l205.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999005                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.965517                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.990663                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.990485                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.965517                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.990663                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.990485                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 3267666.392857                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 3572484.466667                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 3373998.279070                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l205.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 768045.066468                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l205.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 768045.066468                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 3267666.392857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 778478.248760                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 795645.063547                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 3267666.392857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 778478.248760                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 795645.063547                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l206.replacements                            0                       # number of replacements
system.l206.tagsinuse                      436.842679                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l206.total_refs                             38                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l206.sampled_refs                          595                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l206.avg_refs                         0.063866                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l206.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l206.occ_blocks::writebacks         245.843860                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l206.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.inst     2.998819                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l206.occ_blocks::cpu06.inst                126                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l206.occ_blocks::cpu06.data                 62                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l206.occ_percent::writebacks          0.120041                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l206.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.inst     0.001464                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l206.occ_percent::cpu06.inst          0.061523                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l206.occ_percent::cpu06.data          0.030273                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l206.occ_percent::total               0.213302                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l206.Writeback_hits::writebacks            317                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l206.Writeback_hits::total                 317                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l206.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.inst            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l206.ReadReq_misses::total                   3                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l206.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data          317                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l206.ReadExReq_misses::total               317                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l206.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.inst            3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l206.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.data          317                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l206.demand_misses::total                  320                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l206.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.inst            3                       # number of overall misses
system.l206.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.data          317                       # number of overall misses
system.l206.overall_misses::total                 320                       # number of overall misses
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      2166123                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_latency::total       2166123                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l206.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    214366214                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l206.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total    214366214                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l206.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      2166123                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l206.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    214366214                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l206.demand_miss_latency::total      216532337                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l206.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      2166123                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l206.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    214366214                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l206.overall_miss_latency::total     216532337                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst            3                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.ReadReq_accesses::total                 3                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          317                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.Writeback_accesses::total             317                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data          317                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.ReadExReq_accesses::total             317                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst            3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l206.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.data          317                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l206.demand_accesses::total                320                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l206.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst            3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l206.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.data          317                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l206.overall_accesses::total               320                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_rate::total                1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l206.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total              1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l206.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.demand_miss_rate::total                 1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.overall_miss_rate::total                1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst       722041                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total       722041                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l206.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 676234.113565                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l206.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 676234.113565                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst       722041                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 676234.113565                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 676663.553125                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst       722041                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 676234.113565                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 676663.553125                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l206.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l206.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l206.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l206.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l206.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l206.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l206.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst            3                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total              3                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l206.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data          317                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l206.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total          317                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l206.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst            3                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l206.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data          317                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l206.demand_mshr_misses::total             320                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l206.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst            3                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l206.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data          317                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l206.overall_mshr_misses::total            320                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      1902723                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1902723                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    186533614                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    186533614                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      1902723                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    186533614                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    188436337                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      1902723                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    186533614                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    188436337                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l206.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst       634241                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total       634241                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l206.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 588434.113565                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l206.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 588434.113565                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst       634241                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 588434.113565                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 588863.553125                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst       634241                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 588434.113565                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 588863.553125                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l207.replacements                         3705                       # number of replacements
system.l207.tagsinuse                     2007.462840                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l207.total_refs                           2656                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l207.sampled_refs                         5718                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l207.avg_refs                         0.464498                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l207.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l207.occ_blocks::writebacks        1873.825324                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l207.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.inst    15.558735                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l207.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.data    48.078781                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l207.occ_blocks::cpu07.inst                  2                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l207.occ_blocks::cpu07.data                 68                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l207.occ_percent::writebacks          0.914954                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l207.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.inst     0.007597                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l207.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.data     0.023476                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l207.occ_percent::cpu07.inst          0.000977                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l207.occ_percent::cpu07.data          0.033203                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l207.occ_percent::total               0.980206                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l207.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data          839                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l207.ReadReq_hits::total                   839                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l207.Writeback_hits::writebacks           3755                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l207.Writeback_hits::total                3755                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l207.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data           13                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l207.ReadExReq_hits::total                  13                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l207.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.data          852                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l207.demand_hits::total                    852                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l207.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.data          852                       # number of overall hits
system.l207.overall_hits::total                   852                       # number of overall hits
system.l207.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           33                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l207.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data          116                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l207.ReadReq_misses::total                 149                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l207.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data         3570                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l207.ReadExReq_misses::total              3570                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l207.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           33                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l207.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.data         3686                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l207.demand_misses::total                 3719                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l207.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           33                       # number of overall misses
system.l207.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.data         3686                       # number of overall misses
system.l207.overall_misses::total                3719                       # number of overall misses
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     91629138                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    207848302                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     299477440                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l207.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   3046071558                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l207.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total   3046071558                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l207.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     91629138                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l207.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   3253919860                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l207.demand_miss_latency::total     3345548998                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l207.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     91629138                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l207.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   3253919860                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l207.overall_miss_latency::total    3345548998                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           33                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data          955                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.ReadReq_accesses::total               988                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         3755                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.Writeback_accesses::total            3755                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data         3583                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.ReadExReq_accesses::total            3583                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           33                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l207.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.data         4538                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l207.demand_accesses::total               4571                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l207.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           33                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l207.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.data         4538                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l207.overall_accesses::total              4571                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.121466                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.150810                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.996372                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l207.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.996372                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l207.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.812252                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.demand_miss_rate::total          0.813608                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.812252                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.overall_miss_rate::total         0.813608                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 2776640.545455                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 1791795.706897                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 2009915.704698                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l207.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 853241.332773                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l207.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 853241.332773                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 2776640.545455                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 882778.041237                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 899582.951869                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 2776640.545455                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 882778.041237                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 899582.951869                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l207.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l207.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l207.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l207.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l207.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l207.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l207.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l207.writebacks::writebacks               3659                       # number of writebacks
system.l207.writebacks::total                    3659                       # number of writebacks
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           33                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data          116                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            149                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l207.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data         3570                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l207.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total         3570                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l207.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           33                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l207.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data         3686                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l207.demand_mshr_misses::total            3719                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l207.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           33                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l207.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data         3686                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l207.overall_mshr_misses::total           3719                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     88731738                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    197663502                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    286395240                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   2732713358                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2732713358                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     88731738                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   2930376860                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   3019108598                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     88731738                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   2930376860                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   3019108598                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.121466                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.150810                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.996372                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l207.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.996372                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.812252                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.813608                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.812252                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.813608                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 2688840.545455                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 1703995.706897                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1922115.704698                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l207.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 765465.926611                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l207.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 765465.926611                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 2688840.545455                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 795001.861096                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 811806.560366                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 2688840.545455                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 795001.861096                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 811806.560366                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l208.replacements                         3730                       # number of replacements
system.l208.tagsinuse                     2006.409378                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l208.total_refs                           2732                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l208.sampled_refs                         5742                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l208.avg_refs                         0.475792                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l208.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l208.occ_blocks::writebacks        1875.344265                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l208.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.inst    16.467705                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l208.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.data    43.597408                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l208.occ_blocks::cpu08.inst                  1                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l208.occ_blocks::cpu08.data                 70                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l208.occ_percent::writebacks          0.915695                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l208.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.inst     0.008041                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l208.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.data     0.021288                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l208.occ_percent::cpu08.inst          0.000488                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l208.occ_percent::cpu08.data          0.034180                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l208.occ_percent::total               0.979692                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l208.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l208.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data          904                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l208.ReadReq_hits::total                   905                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l208.Writeback_hits::writebacks           3779                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l208.Writeback_hits::total                3779                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l208.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data           11                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l208.ReadExReq_hits::total                  11                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l208.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l208.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.data          915                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l208.demand_hits::total                    916                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l208.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l208.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.data          915                       # number of overall hits
system.l208.overall_hits::total                   916                       # number of overall hits
system.l208.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l208.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data          106                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l208.ReadReq_misses::total                 140                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l208.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data         3599                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l208.ReadExReq_misses::total              3599                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l208.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l208.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.data         3705                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l208.demand_misses::total                 3739                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l208.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           34                       # number of overall misses
system.l208.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.data         3705                       # number of overall misses
system.l208.overall_misses::total                3739                       # number of overall misses
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst    107786775                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    174448544                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     282235319                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l208.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   3156278784                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l208.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total   3156278784                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l208.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst    107786775                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l208.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   3330727328                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l208.demand_miss_latency::total     3438514103                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l208.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst    107786775                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l208.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   3330727328                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l208.overall_miss_latency::total    3438514103                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data         1010                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.ReadReq_accesses::total              1045                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         3779                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.Writeback_accesses::total            3779                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data         3610                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.ReadExReq_accesses::total            3610                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l208.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.data         4620                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l208.demand_accesses::total               4655                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l208.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           35                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l208.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.data         4620                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l208.overall_accesses::total              4655                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.104950                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.133971                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.996953                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l208.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.996953                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l208.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.801948                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.demand_miss_rate::total          0.803222                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.801948                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.overall_miss_rate::total         0.803222                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 3170199.264706                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 1645740.981132                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 2015966.564286                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l208.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 876987.714365                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l208.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 876987.714365                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 3170199.264706                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 898981.734953                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 919634.689222                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 3170199.264706                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 898981.734953                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 919634.689222                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l208.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l208.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l208.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l208.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l208.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l208.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l208.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l208.writebacks::writebacks               3688                       # number of writebacks
system.l208.writebacks::total                    3688                       # number of writebacks
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data          106                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            140                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l208.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data         3599                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l208.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total         3599                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l208.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l208.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data         3705                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l208.demand_mshr_misses::total            3739                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l208.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           34                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l208.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data         3705                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l208.overall_mshr_misses::total           3739                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst    104801575                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    165141744                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    269943319                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   2840374384                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2840374384                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst    104801575                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   3005516128                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   3110317703                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst    104801575                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   3005516128                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   3110317703                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.104950                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.133971                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.996953                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l208.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.996953                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.801948                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.803222                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.801948                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.803222                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 3082399.264706                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 1557940.981132                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1928166.564286                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l208.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 789212.110031                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l208.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 789212.110031                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 3082399.264706                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 811205.432659                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 831858.171436                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 3082399.264706                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 811205.432659                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 831858.171436                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l209.replacements                          700                       # number of replacements
system.l209.tagsinuse                     1741.121570                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l209.total_refs                             40                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l209.sampled_refs                         2733                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l209.avg_refs                         0.014636                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l209.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l209.occ_blocks::writebacks        1629.743791                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l209.occ_blocks::cpu09.inst          77.162091                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l209.occ_blocks::cpu09.data          34.215688                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l209.occ_percent::writebacks          0.795773                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l209.occ_percent::cpu09.inst          0.037677                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l209.occ_percent::cpu09.data          0.016707                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l209.occ_percent::total               0.850157                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l209.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data            3                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l209.ReadReq_hits::total                     3                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l209.Writeback_hits::writebacks           1673                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l209.Writeback_hits::total                1673                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l209.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.data            3                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l209.demand_hits::total                      3                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l209.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.data            3                       # number of overall hits
system.l209.overall_hits::total                     3                       # number of overall hits
system.l209.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data         1671                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l209.ReadExReq_misses::total              1671                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l209.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.data         1671                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l209.demand_misses::total                 1671                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l209.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.data         1671                       # number of overall misses
system.l209.overall_misses::total                1671                       # number of overall misses
system.l209.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   1262958155                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l209.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total   1262958155                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l209.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   1262958155                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l209.demand_miss_latency::total     1262958155                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l209.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   1262958155                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l209.overall_miss_latency::total    1262958155                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data            3                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.ReadReq_accesses::total                 3                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         1673                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.Writeback_accesses::total            1673                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data         1671                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.ReadExReq_accesses::total            1671                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.data         1674                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l209.demand_accesses::total               1674                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l209.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.data         1674                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l209.overall_accesses::total              1674                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l209.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l209.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total              1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l209.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.998208                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.demand_miss_rate::total          0.998208                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.998208                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.overall_miss_rate::total         0.998208                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 755809.787552                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l209.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 755809.787552                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 755809.787552                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 755809.787552                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 755809.787552                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 755809.787552                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l209.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l209.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l209.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l209.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l209.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l209.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l209.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l209.writebacks::writebacks                529                       # number of writebacks
system.l209.writebacks::total                     529                       # number of writebacks
system.l209.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data         1671                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l209.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total         1671                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l209.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data         1671                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l209.demand_mshr_misses::total            1671                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l209.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data         1671                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l209.overall_mshr_misses::total           1671                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l209.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   1115001105                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1115001105                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   1115001105                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1115001105                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   1115001105                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1115001105                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l209.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.998208                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.998208                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.998208                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.998208                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 667265.771993                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l209.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 667265.771993                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 667265.771993                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 667265.771993                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 667265.771993                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 667265.771993                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l210.replacements                            0                       # number of replacements
system.l210.tagsinuse                      436.752719                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l210.total_refs                             38                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l210.sampled_refs                          595                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l210.avg_refs                         0.063866                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l210.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l210.occ_blocks::writebacks         245.754084                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l210.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.inst     2.998636                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l210.occ_blocks::cpu10.inst                126                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l210.occ_blocks::cpu10.data                 62                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l210.occ_percent::writebacks          0.119997                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l210.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.inst     0.001464                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l210.occ_percent::cpu10.inst          0.061523                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l210.occ_percent::cpu10.data          0.030273                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l210.occ_percent::total               0.213258                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l210.Writeback_hits::writebacks            317                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l210.Writeback_hits::total                 317                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l210.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.inst            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l210.ReadReq_misses::total                   3                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l210.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data          317                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l210.ReadExReq_misses::total               317                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l210.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.inst            3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l210.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.data          317                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l210.demand_misses::total                  320                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l210.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.inst            3                       # number of overall misses
system.l210.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.data          317                       # number of overall misses
system.l210.overall_misses::total                 320                       # number of overall misses
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      3026123                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_latency::total       3026123                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l210.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    215810612                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l210.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total    215810612                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l210.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      3026123                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l210.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    215810612                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l210.demand_miss_latency::total      218836735                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l210.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      3026123                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l210.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    215810612                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l210.overall_miss_latency::total     218836735                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst            3                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.ReadReq_accesses::total                 3                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          317                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.Writeback_accesses::total             317                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data          317                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.ReadExReq_accesses::total             317                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst            3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l210.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.data          317                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l210.demand_accesses::total                320                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l210.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst            3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l210.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.data          317                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l210.overall_accesses::total               320                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_rate::total                1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l210.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total              1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l210.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.demand_miss_rate::total                 1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.overall_miss_rate::total                1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1008707.666667                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1008707.666667                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l210.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 680790.574132                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l210.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 680790.574132                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1008707.666667                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 680790.574132                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 683864.796875                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1008707.666667                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 680790.574132                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 683864.796875                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l210.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l210.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l210.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l210.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l210.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l210.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l210.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst            3                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total              3                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l210.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data          317                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l210.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total          317                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l210.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst            3                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l210.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data          317                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l210.demand_mshr_misses::total             320                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l210.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst            3                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l210.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data          317                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l210.overall_mshr_misses::total            320                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      2762723                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      2762723                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    187978012                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    187978012                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      2762723                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    187978012                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    190740735                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      2762723                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    187978012                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    190740735                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l210.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 920907.666667                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 920907.666667                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l210.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 592990.574132                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l210.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 592990.574132                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 920907.666667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 592990.574132                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 596064.796875                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 920907.666667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 592990.574132                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 596064.796875                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l211.replacements                         3731                       # number of replacements
system.l211.tagsinuse                     2007.390894                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l211.total_refs                           2665                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l211.sampled_refs                         5746                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l211.avg_refs                         0.463801                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l211.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l211.occ_blocks::writebacks        1878.948709                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l211.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.inst    12.480597                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l211.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.data    45.961589                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l211.occ_blocks::cpu11.inst                  2                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l211.occ_blocks::cpu11.data                 68                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l211.occ_percent::writebacks          0.917455                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l211.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.inst     0.006094                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l211.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.data     0.022442                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l211.occ_percent::cpu11.inst          0.000977                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l211.occ_percent::cpu11.data          0.033203                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l211.occ_percent::total               0.980171                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l211.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data          844                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l211.ReadReq_hits::total                   844                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l211.Writeback_hits::writebacks           3798                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l211.Writeback_hits::total                3798                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l211.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data           13                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l211.ReadExReq_hits::total                  13                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l211.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.data          857                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l211.demand_hits::total                    857                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l211.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.data          857                       # number of overall hits
system.l211.overall_hits::total                   857                       # number of overall hits
system.l211.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           25                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l211.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data          113                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l211.ReadReq_misses::total                 138                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l211.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data         3609                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l211.ReadExReq_misses::total              3609                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l211.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           25                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l211.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.data         3722                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l211.demand_misses::total                 3747                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l211.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           25                       # number of overall misses
system.l211.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.data         3722                       # number of overall misses
system.l211.overall_misses::total                3747                       # number of overall misses
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     76236670                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    166260854                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     242497524                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l211.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   3022595359                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l211.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total   3022595359                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l211.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     76236670                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l211.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   3188856213                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l211.demand_miss_latency::total     3265092883                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l211.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     76236670                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l211.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   3188856213                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l211.overall_miss_latency::total    3265092883                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           25                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data          957                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.ReadReq_accesses::total               982                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         3798                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.Writeback_accesses::total            3798                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data         3622                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.ReadExReq_accesses::total            3622                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           25                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l211.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.data         4579                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l211.demand_accesses::total               4604                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l211.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           25                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l211.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.data         4579                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l211.overall_accesses::total              4604                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.118077                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.140530                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.996411                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l211.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.996411                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l211.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.812841                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.demand_miss_rate::total          0.813858                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.812841                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.overall_miss_rate::total         0.813858                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 3049466.800000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 1471334.991150                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1757228.434783                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l211.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 837516.031865                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l211.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 837516.031865                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 3049466.800000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 856758.789092                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 871388.546304                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 3049466.800000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 856758.789092                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 871388.546304                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l211.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l211.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l211.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l211.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l211.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l211.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l211.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l211.writebacks::writebacks               3696                       # number of writebacks
system.l211.writebacks::total                    3696                       # number of writebacks
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           25                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data          113                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            138                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l211.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data         3609                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l211.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total         3609                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l211.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           25                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l211.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data         3722                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l211.demand_mshr_misses::total            3747                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l211.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           25                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l211.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data         3722                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l211.overall_mshr_misses::total           3747                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     74039670                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    156335704                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    230375374                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   2705541709                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2705541709                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     74039670                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   2861877413                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   2935917083                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     74039670                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   2861877413                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   2935917083                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.118077                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.140530                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.996411                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l211.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.996411                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.812841                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.813858                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.812841                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.813858                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 2961586.800000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 1383501.805310                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1669386.768116                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l211.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 749665.200610                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l211.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 749665.200610                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 2961586.800000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 768908.493552                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 783538.052575                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 2961586.800000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 768908.493552                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 783538.052575                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l212.replacements                          632                       # number of replacements
system.l212.tagsinuse                     1173.316621                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l212.total_refs                            352                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l212.sampled_refs                         2621                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l212.avg_refs                         0.134300                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l212.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l212.occ_blocks::writebacks         581.277766                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l212.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.inst    45.036227                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l212.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.data   110.907225                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l212.occ_blocks::cpu12.inst         260.943335                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l212.occ_blocks::cpu12.data         175.152067                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l212.occ_percent::writebacks          0.283827                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l212.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.inst     0.021990                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l212.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.data     0.054154                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l212.occ_percent::cpu12.inst          0.127414                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l212.occ_percent::cpu12.data          0.085523                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l212.occ_percent::total               0.572909                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l212.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            6                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l212.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data          243                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l212.ReadReq_hits::total                   249                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l212.Writeback_hits::writebacks           1665                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l212.Writeback_hits::total                1665                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l212.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data            7                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l212.ReadExReq_hits::total                   7                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l212.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            6                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l212.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.data          250                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l212.demand_hits::total                    256                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l212.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            6                       # number of overall hits
system.l212.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.data          250                       # number of overall hits
system.l212.overall_hits::total                   256                       # number of overall hits
system.l212.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.inst          108                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l212.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data          227                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l212.ReadReq_misses::total                 335                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l212.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data         1611                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l212.ReadExReq_misses::total              1611                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l212.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.inst          108                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l212.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.data         1838                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l212.demand_misses::total                 1946                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l212.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.inst          108                       # number of overall misses
system.l212.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.data         1838                       # number of overall misses
system.l212.overall_misses::total                1946                       # number of overall misses
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst    161430094                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    165261468                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     326691562                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l212.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   1272002564                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l212.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total   1272002564                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l212.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst    161430094                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l212.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   1437264032                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l212.demand_miss_latency::total     1598694126                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l212.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst    161430094                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l212.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   1437264032                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l212.overall_miss_latency::total    1598694126                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst          114                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data          470                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.ReadReq_accesses::total               584                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         1665                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.Writeback_accesses::total            1665                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data         1618                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.ReadExReq_accesses::total            1618                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst          114                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l212.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.data         2088                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l212.demand_accesses::total               2202                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l212.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst          114                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l212.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.data         2088                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l212.overall_accesses::total              2202                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.947368                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.482979                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.573630                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.995674                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l212.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.995674                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l212.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.947368                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.880268                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.demand_miss_rate::total          0.883742                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.947368                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.880268                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.overall_miss_rate::total         0.883742                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 1494723.092593                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 728024.088106                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 975198.692537                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l212.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 789573.286158                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l212.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 789573.286158                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 1494723.092593                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 781971.725789                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 821528.327852                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 1494723.092593                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 781971.725789                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 821528.327852                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l212.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l212.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l212.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l212.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l212.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l212.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l212.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l212.writebacks::writebacks                197                       # number of writebacks
system.l212.writebacks::total                     197                       # number of writebacks
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data            2                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total                2                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l212.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data            2                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l212.demand_mshr_hits::total                 2                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l212.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data            2                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l212.overall_mshr_hits::total                2                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst          108                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data          225                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            333                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l212.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data         1611                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l212.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total         1611                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l212.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst          108                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l212.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data         1836                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l212.demand_mshr_misses::total            1944                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l212.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst          108                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l212.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data         1836                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l212.overall_mshr_misses::total           1944                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst    151947694                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    144076868                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    296024562                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   1130644564                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1130644564                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst    151947694                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   1274721432                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1426669126                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst    151947694                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   1274721432                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1426669126                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.947368                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.478723                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.570205                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.995674                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l212.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.995674                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.947368                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.879310                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.882834                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.947368                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.879310                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.882834                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 1406923.092593                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 640341.635556                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 888962.648649                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l212.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 701827.786468                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l212.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 701827.786468                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 1406923.092593                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 694292.718954                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 733883.295267                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 1406923.092593                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 694292.718954                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 733883.295267                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l213.replacements                         4068                       # number of replacements
system.l213.tagsinuse                     2010.865284                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l213.total_refs                            152                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l213.sampled_refs                         6077                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l213.avg_refs                         0.025012                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l213.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l213.occ_blocks::writebacks        1984.501131                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l213.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.inst    13.257840                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l213.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.data     8.106313                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l213.occ_blocks::cpu13.data                  5                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l213.occ_percent::writebacks          0.968995                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l213.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.inst     0.006474                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l213.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.data     0.003958                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l213.occ_percent::cpu13.data          0.002441                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l213.occ_percent::total               0.981868                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l213.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l213.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data           36                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l213.ReadReq_hits::total                    37                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l213.Writeback_hits::writebacks           4045                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l213.Writeback_hits::total                4045                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l213.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data            4                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l213.ReadExReq_hits::total                   4                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l213.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l213.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.data           40                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l213.demand_hits::total                     41                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l213.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l213.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.data           40                       # number of overall hits
system.l213.overall_hits::total                    41                       # number of overall hits
system.l213.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           28                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l213.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data           17                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l213.ReadReq_misses::total                  45                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l213.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data         4023                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l213.ReadExReq_misses::total              4023                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l213.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           28                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l213.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.data         4040                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l213.demand_misses::total                 4068                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l213.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           28                       # number of overall misses
system.l213.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.data         4040                       # number of overall misses
system.l213.overall_misses::total                4068                       # number of overall misses
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     84394001                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data     42797134                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     127191135                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l213.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   3435986390                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l213.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total   3435986390                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l213.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     84394001                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l213.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   3478783524                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l213.demand_miss_latency::total     3563177525                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l213.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     84394001                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l213.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   3478783524                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l213.overall_miss_latency::total    3563177525                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           29                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data           53                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.ReadReq_accesses::total                82                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         4045                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.Writeback_accesses::total            4045                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data         4027                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.ReadExReq_accesses::total            4027                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           29                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l213.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.data         4080                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l213.demand_accesses::total               4109                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l213.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           29                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l213.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.data         4080                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l213.overall_accesses::total              4109                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.965517                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.320755                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.548780                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.999007                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l213.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.999007                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l213.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.965517                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.990196                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.demand_miss_rate::total          0.990022                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.965517                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.990196                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.overall_miss_rate::total         0.990022                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 3014071.464286                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 2517478.470588                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 2826469.666667                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l213.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 854085.605270                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l213.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 854085.605270                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 3014071.464286                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 861085.030693                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 875904.013029                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 3014071.464286                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 861085.030693                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 875904.013029                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l213.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l213.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l213.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l213.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l213.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l213.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l213.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l213.writebacks::writebacks               4033                       # number of writebacks
system.l213.writebacks::total                    4033                       # number of writebacks
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           28                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data           17                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total             45                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l213.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data         4023                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l213.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total         4023                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l213.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           28                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l213.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data         4040                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l213.demand_mshr_misses::total            4068                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l213.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           28                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l213.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data         4040                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l213.overall_mshr_misses::total           4068                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     81935601                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data     41304534                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    123240135                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   3082766990                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3082766990                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     81935601                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   3124071524                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   3206007125                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     81935601                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   3124071524                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   3206007125                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.965517                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.320755                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.548780                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.999007                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l213.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999007                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.965517                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.990196                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.990022                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.965517                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.990196                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.990022                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 2926271.464286                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 2429678.470588                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2738669.666667                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l213.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 766285.605270                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l213.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 766285.605270                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 2926271.464286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 773285.030693                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 788104.013029                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 2926271.464286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 773285.030693                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 788104.013029                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l214.replacements                            0                       # number of replacements
system.l214.tagsinuse                      436.990221                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l214.total_refs                             38                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l214.sampled_refs                          596                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l214.avg_refs                         0.063758                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l214.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l214.occ_blocks::writebacks         245.991475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l214.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.inst     2.998746                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l214.occ_blocks::cpu14.inst                126                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l214.occ_blocks::cpu14.data                 62                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l214.occ_percent::writebacks          0.120113                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l214.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.inst     0.001464                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l214.occ_percent::cpu14.inst          0.061523                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l214.occ_percent::cpu14.data          0.030273                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l214.occ_percent::total               0.213374                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l214.Writeback_hits::writebacks            318                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l214.Writeback_hits::total                 318                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l214.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.inst            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l214.ReadReq_misses::total                   3                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l214.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data          318                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l214.ReadExReq_misses::total               318                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l214.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.inst            3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l214.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.data          318                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l214.demand_misses::total                  321                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l214.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.inst            3                       # number of overall misses
system.l214.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.data          318                       # number of overall misses
system.l214.overall_misses::total                 321                       # number of overall misses
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      2510123                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_latency::total       2510123                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l214.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    213347895                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l214.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total    213347895                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l214.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      2510123                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l214.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    213347895                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l214.demand_miss_latency::total      215858018                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l214.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      2510123                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l214.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    213347895                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l214.overall_miss_latency::total     215858018                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst            3                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.ReadReq_accesses::total                 3                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          318                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.Writeback_accesses::total             318                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data          318                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.ReadExReq_accesses::total             318                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst            3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l214.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.data          318                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l214.demand_accesses::total                321                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l214.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst            3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l214.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.data          318                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l214.overall_accesses::total               321                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_rate::total                1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l214.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total              1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l214.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.demand_miss_rate::total                 1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.overall_miss_rate::total                1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 836707.666667                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 836707.666667                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l214.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 670905.330189                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l214.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 670905.330189                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 836707.666667                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 670905.330189                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 672454.884735                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 836707.666667                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 670905.330189                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 672454.884735                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l214.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l214.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l214.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l214.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l214.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l214.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l214.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst            3                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total              3                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l214.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data          318                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l214.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total          318                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l214.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst            3                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l214.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data          318                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l214.demand_mshr_misses::total             321                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l214.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst            3                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l214.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data          318                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l214.overall_mshr_misses::total            321                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      2246723                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      2246723                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    185427495                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    185427495                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      2246723                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    185427495                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    187674218                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      2246723                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    185427495                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    187674218                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l214.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 748907.666667                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 748907.666667                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l214.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 583105.330189                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l214.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 583105.330189                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 748907.666667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 583105.330189                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 584654.884735                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 748907.666667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 583105.330189                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 584654.884735                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l215.replacements                         3723                       # number of replacements
system.l215.tagsinuse                     2007.444463                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l215.total_refs                           2653                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l215.sampled_refs                         5735                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l215.avg_refs                         0.462598                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l215.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l215.occ_blocks::writebacks        1877.376773                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l215.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.inst    13.141409                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l215.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.data    46.926282                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l215.occ_blocks::cpu15.inst                  2                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l215.occ_blocks::cpu15.data                 68                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l215.occ_percent::writebacks          0.916688                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l215.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.inst     0.006417                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l215.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.data     0.022913                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l215.occ_percent::cpu15.inst          0.000977                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l215.occ_percent::cpu15.data          0.033203                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l215.occ_percent::total               0.980197                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l215.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data          836                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l215.ReadReq_hits::total                   836                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l215.Writeback_hits::writebacks           3774                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l215.Writeback_hits::total                3774                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l215.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data           13                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l215.ReadExReq_hits::total                  13                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l215.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.data          849                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l215.demand_hits::total                    849                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l215.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.data          849                       # number of overall hits
system.l215.overall_hits::total                   849                       # number of overall hits
system.l215.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           28                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l215.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data          119                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l215.ReadReq_misses::total                 147                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l215.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data         3584                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l215.ReadExReq_misses::total              3584                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l215.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           28                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l215.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.data         3703                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l215.demand_misses::total                 3731                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l215.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           28                       # number of overall misses
system.l215.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.data         3703                       # number of overall misses
system.l215.overall_misses::total                3731                       # number of overall misses
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     69474033                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    195579826                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     265053859                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l215.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   3038444595                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l215.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total   3038444595                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l215.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     69474033                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l215.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   3234024421                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l215.demand_miss_latency::total     3303498454                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l215.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     69474033                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l215.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   3234024421                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l215.overall_miss_latency::total    3303498454                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           28                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data          955                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.ReadReq_accesses::total               983                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         3774                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.Writeback_accesses::total            3774                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data         3597                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.ReadExReq_accesses::total            3597                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           28                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l215.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.data         4552                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l215.demand_accesses::total               4580                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l215.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           28                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l215.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.data         4552                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l215.overall_accesses::total              4580                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.124607                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.149542                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.996386                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l215.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.996386                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l215.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.813489                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.demand_miss_rate::total          0.814629                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.813489                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.overall_miss_rate::total         0.814629                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 2481215.464286                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 1643527.949580                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1803087.476190                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l215.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 847780.299944                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l215.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 847780.299944                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 2481215.464286                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 873352.530651                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 885419.044224                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 2481215.464286                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 873352.530651                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 885419.044224                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l215.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l215.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l215.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l215.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l215.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l215.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l215.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l215.writebacks::writebacks               3684                       # number of writebacks
system.l215.writebacks::total                    3684                       # number of writebacks
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           28                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data          119                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            147                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l215.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data         3584                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l215.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total         3584                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l215.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           28                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l215.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data         3703                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l215.demand_mshr_misses::total            3731                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l215.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           28                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l215.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data         3703                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l215.overall_mshr_misses::total           3731                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     67015633                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    185131626                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    252147259                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   2723857195                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2723857195                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     67015633                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   2908988821                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   2976004454                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     67015633                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   2908988821                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   2976004454                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.124607                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.149542                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.996386                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l215.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.996386                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.813489                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.814629                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.813489                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.814629                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 2393415.464286                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 1555727.949580                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1715287.476190                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l215.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 760004.797712                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l215.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 760004.797712                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 2393415.464286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 785576.241156                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 797642.576789                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 2393415.464286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 785576.241156                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 797642.576789                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu00.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu00.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu00.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu00.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu00.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu00.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu00.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu00.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu00.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu00.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu00.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu00.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu00.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu00.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu00.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu00.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu00.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu00.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu00.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu00.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu00.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu00.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu00.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu00.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu00.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu00.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu00.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu00.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu00.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu00.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu00.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu00.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu00.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu00.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu00.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu00.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu00.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu00.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu00.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu00.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu00.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu00.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu00.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu00.icache.tagsinuse              358.996789                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu00.icache.total_refs                2207843                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.sampled_refs                  362                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.avg_refs              6099.013812                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu00.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.inst    29.996789                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.icache.occ_blocks::cpu00.inst          329                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.inst     0.048072                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::cpu00.inst     0.527244                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::total       0.575315                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.inst       208025                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        208025                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.inst       208025                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_hits::total         208025                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.inst       208025                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_hits::total        208025                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           40                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_misses::total           40                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           40                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_misses::total           40                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst    137061109                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    137061109                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst    137061109                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    137061109                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst    137061109                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    137061109                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst       208065                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       208065                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst       208065                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_accesses::total       208065                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst       208065                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_accesses::total       208065                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000192                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000192                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000192                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000192                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000192                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000192                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 3426527.725000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 3426527.725000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 3426527.725000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 3426527.725000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 3426527.725000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 3426527.725000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu00.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            7                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            7                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            7                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           33                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           33                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           33                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           33                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           33                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           33                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst    106248270                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    106248270                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst    106248270                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    106248270                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst    106248270                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    106248270                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000159                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000159                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000159                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000159                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000159                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000159                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 3219644.545455                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 3219644.545455                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 3219644.545455                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 3219644.545455                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 3219644.545455                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 3219644.545455                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu00.dcache.replacements                 4526                       # number of replacements
system.cpu00.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu00.dcache.total_refs                1197723                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.sampled_refs                 4782                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_refs               250.464868                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.data   231.681493                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu00.data    24.318507                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.data     0.905006                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::cpu00.data     0.094994                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data       300999                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        300999                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data       181824                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       181824                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data         9759                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         9759                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data         9678                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         9678                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.data       482823                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_hits::total         482823                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.data       482823                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_hits::total        482823                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data         5154                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         5154                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data        32277                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total        32277                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.data        37431                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_misses::total        37431                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.data        37431                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_misses::total        37431                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    631952632                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    631952632                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data  29586707945                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total  29586707945                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data  30218660577                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  30218660577                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data  30218660577                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  30218660577                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data       306153                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       306153                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data       214101                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       214101                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data         9759                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         9759                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data         9678                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         9678                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.data       520254                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_accesses::total       520254                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.data       520254                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_accesses::total       520254                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.016835                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.016835                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.150756                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.150756                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.071948                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.071948                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.071948                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.071948                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 122614.014746                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 122614.014746                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 916649.872820                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 916649.872820                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 807316.410916                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 807316.410916                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 807316.410916                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 807316.410916                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets   1082001607                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked::no_targets          1157                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets 935178.571305                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu00.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu00.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         3709                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu00.dcache.writebacks::total            3709                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data         4178                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         4178                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data        28727                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total        28727                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data        32905                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        32905                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data        32905                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        32905                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data          976                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          976                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data         3550                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         3550                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data         4526                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         4526                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data         4526                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         4526                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    226311627                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    226311627                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   3208044544                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3208044544                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   3434356171                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   3434356171                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   3434356171                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   3434356171                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.003188                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003188                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.016581                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.016581                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.008700                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.008700                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.008700                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.008700                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 231876.667008                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 231876.667008                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 903674.519437                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 903674.519437                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 758806.047503                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 758806.047503                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 758806.047503                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 758806.047503                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu01.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu01.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu01.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu01.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu01.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu01.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu01.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu01.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu01.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu01.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu01.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu01.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu01.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu01.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu01.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu01.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu01.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu01.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu01.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu01.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu01.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu01.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu01.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu01.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu01.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu01.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu01.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu01.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu01.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu01.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu01.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu01.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu01.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu01.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu01.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu01.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu01.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu01.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu01.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu01.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu01.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu01.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu01.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu01.icache.tagsinuse                     142                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu01.icache.total_refs                3083139                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.sampled_refs                  142                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.avg_refs             21712.246479                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu01.icache.occ_blocks::cpu01.inst          142                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::cpu01.inst     0.227564                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::total       0.227564                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.inst       508092                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        508092                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.inst       508092                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_hits::total         508092                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.inst       508092                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_hits::total        508092                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst       508092                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       508092                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst       508092                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_accesses::total       508092                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst       508092                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_accesses::total       508092                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu01.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu01.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu01.dcache.replacements                 1674                       # number of replacements
system.cpu01.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu01.dcache.total_refs                 582017                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.sampled_refs                 1930                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_refs               301.563212                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.data   235.473863                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu01.data    20.526137                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.data     0.919820                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::cpu01.data     0.080180                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data       160390                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        160390                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data       202004                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       202004                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.data       362394                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_hits::total         362394                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.data       362394                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_hits::total        362394                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data            7                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total            7                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data        11849                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total        11849                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.data        11856                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_misses::total        11856                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.data        11856                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_misses::total        11856                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data       565330                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total       565330                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   6918587137                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   6918587137                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   6919152467                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   6919152467                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   6919152467                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   6919152467                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data       160397                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       160397                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data       213853                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       213853                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.data       374250                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_accesses::total       374250                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.data       374250                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_accesses::total       374250                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.000044                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000044                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.055407                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.055407                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.031679                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.031679                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.031679                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.031679                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 80761.428571                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 80761.428571                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 583896.289729                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 583896.289729                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 583599.229673                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 583599.229673                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 583599.229673                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 583599.229673                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu01.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu01.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         1673                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu01.dcache.writebacks::total            1673                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data            4                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            4                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data        10178                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total        10178                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data        10182                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        10182                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data        10182                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        10182                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data            3                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data         1671                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         1671                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data         1674                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         1674                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data         1674                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         1674                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data       200704                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       200704                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   1277972590                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1277972590                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   1278173294                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1278173294                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   1278173294                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1278173294                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.000019                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000019                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.007814                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.007814                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.004473                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004473                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.004473                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004473                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 66901.333333                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 66901.333333                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 764795.086774                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 764795.086774                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 763544.381123                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 763544.381123                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 763544.381123                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 763544.381123                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu02.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu02.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu02.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu02.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu02.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu02.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu02.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu02.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu02.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu02.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu02.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu02.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu02.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu02.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu02.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu02.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu02.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu02.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu02.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu02.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu02.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu02.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu02.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu02.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu02.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu02.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu02.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu02.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu02.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu02.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu02.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu02.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu02.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu02.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu02.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu02.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu02.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu02.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu02.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu02.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu02.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu02.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu02.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu02.icache.tagsinuse              144.998653                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu02.icache.total_refs                2799825                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.sampled_refs                  145                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.avg_refs             19309.137931                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu02.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.inst     2.998653                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.icache.occ_blocks::cpu02.inst          142                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.inst     0.004806                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::cpu02.inst     0.227564                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::total       0.232370                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.inst       484625                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        484625                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.inst       484625                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_hits::total         484625                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.inst       484625                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_hits::total        484625                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           13                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_misses::total           13                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           13                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_misses::total           13                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      8080853                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      8080853                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      8080853                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      8080853                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      8080853                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      8080853                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst       484638                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       484638                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst       484638                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_accesses::total       484638                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst       484638                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_accesses::total       484638                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000027                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000027                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000027                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000027                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000027                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000027                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 621604.076923                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 621604.076923                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 621604.076923                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 621604.076923                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 621604.076923                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 621604.076923                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu02.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst           10                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst            3                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst            3                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst            3                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      2707023                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      2707023                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      2707023                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      2707023                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      2707023                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      2707023                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000006                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000006                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000006                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000006                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000006                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000006                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst       902341                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total       902341                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst       902341                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total       902341                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst       902341                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total       902341                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu02.dcache.replacements                  317                       # number of replacements
system.cpu02.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu02.dcache.total_refs                2084890                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.sampled_refs                  573                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_refs              3638.551483                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.data   151.451526                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu02.data   104.548474                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.data     0.591608                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::cpu02.data     0.408392                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data       640386                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        640386                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data       344506                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       344506                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data        50756                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        50756                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data        50755                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        50755                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.data       984892                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_hits::total         984892                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.data       984892                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_hits::total        984892                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data          636                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          636                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.data          636                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_misses::total          636                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.data          636                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_misses::total          636                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    442518522                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    442518522                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    442518522                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    442518522                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    442518522                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    442518522                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data       640386                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       640386                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data       345142                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       345142                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data        50756                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        50756                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data        50755                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        50755                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.data       985528                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_accesses::total       985528                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.data       985528                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_accesses::total       985528                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.001843                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.001843                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.000645                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000645                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.000645                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000645                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 695783.839623                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 695783.839623                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 695783.839623                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 695783.839623                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 695783.839623                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 695783.839623                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu02.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu02.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          317                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu02.dcache.writebacks::total             317                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data          318                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          318                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data          318                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total          318                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data          318                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total          318                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data          318                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          318                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data          318                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          318                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data          318                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          318                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    215553261                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    215553261                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    215553261                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    215553261                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    215553261                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    215553261                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.000921                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000921                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.000323                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000323                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.000323                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000323                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 677840.443396                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 677840.443396                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 677840.443396                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 677840.443396                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 677840.443396                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 677840.443396                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu03.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu03.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu03.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu03.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu03.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu03.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu03.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu03.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu03.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu03.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu03.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu03.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu03.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu03.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu03.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu03.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu03.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu03.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu03.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu03.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu03.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu03.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu03.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu03.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu03.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu03.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu03.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu03.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu03.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu03.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu03.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu03.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu03.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu03.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu03.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu03.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu03.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu03.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu03.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu03.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu03.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu03.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu03.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu03.icache.tagsinuse              358.274979                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu03.icache.total_refs                2302440                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.sampled_refs                  360                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.avg_refs              6395.666667                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu03.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.inst    26.274979                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.icache.occ_blocks::cpu03.inst          332                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.inst     0.042107                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::cpu03.inst     0.532051                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::total       0.574159                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.inst       302686                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        302686                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.inst       302686                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_hits::total         302686                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.inst       302686                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_hits::total        302686                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           34                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_misses::total           34                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           34                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_misses::total           34                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     97284047                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     97284047                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     97284047                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     97284047                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     97284047                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     97284047                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst       302720                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       302720                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst       302720                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_accesses::total       302720                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst       302720                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_accesses::total       302720                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000112                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000112                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000112                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000112                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000112                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000112                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 2861295.500000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 2861295.500000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 2861295.500000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 2861295.500000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 2861295.500000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 2861295.500000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu03.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            6                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            6                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            6                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            6                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            6                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            6                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           28                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           28                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           28                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           28                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           28                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           28                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     78542684                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     78542684                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     78542684                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     78542684                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     78542684                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     78542684                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000092                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000092                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000092                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000092                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000092                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000092                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 2805095.857143                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2805095.857143                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 2805095.857143                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2805095.857143                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 2805095.857143                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2805095.857143                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu03.dcache.replacements                 4534                       # number of replacements
system.cpu03.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu03.dcache.total_refs                1218867                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.sampled_refs                 4790                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_refs               254.460752                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.data   230.793172                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu03.data    25.206828                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.data     0.901536                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::cpu03.data     0.098464                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data       313392                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        313392                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data       183970                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       183970                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data        12883                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        12883                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data        12851                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        12851                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.data       497362                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_hits::total         497362                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.data       497362                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_hits::total        497362                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data         5314                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         5314                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data        32921                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total        32921                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.data        38235                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_misses::total        38235                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.data        38235                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_misses::total        38235                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    595067425                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    595067425                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data  28892469918                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total  28892469918                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data  29487537343                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  29487537343                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data  29487537343                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  29487537343                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data       318706                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       318706                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data       216891                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       216891                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data        12883                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        12883                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data        12851                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        12851                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.data       535597                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_accesses::total       535597                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.data       535597                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_accesses::total       535597                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.016674                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.016674                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.151786                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.151786                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.071388                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.071388                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.071388                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.071388                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 111981.073579                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 111981.073579                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 877630.385407                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 877630.385407                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 771218.447574                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 771218.447574                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 771218.447574                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 771218.447574                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets   1065773323                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked::no_targets          1180                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets 903197.731356                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu03.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu03.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         3766                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu03.dcache.writebacks::total            3766                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data         4373                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         4373                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data        29328                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total        29328                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data        33701                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        33701                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data        33701                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        33701                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data          941                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          941                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data         3593                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         3593                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data         4534                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         4534                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data         4534                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         4534                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    205904135                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    205904135                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   3072505238                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3072505238                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   3278409373                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   3278409373                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   3278409373                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   3278409373                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.002953                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002953                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.016566                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.016566                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.008465                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.008465                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.008465                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.008465                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 218814.171095                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 218814.171095                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 855136.442527                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 855136.442527                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 723072.204014                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 723072.204014                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 723072.204014                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 723072.204014                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu04.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu04.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu04.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu04.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu04.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu04.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu04.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu04.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu04.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu04.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu04.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu04.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu04.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu04.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu04.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu04.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu04.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu04.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu04.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu04.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu04.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu04.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu04.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu04.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu04.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu04.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu04.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu04.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu04.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu04.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu04.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu04.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu04.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu04.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu04.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu04.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu04.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu04.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu04.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu04.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu04.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu04.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu04.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu04.icache.tagsinuse              361.939022                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu04.icache.total_refs                3062877                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.sampled_refs                  427                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.avg_refs              7173.014052                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu04.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.inst    48.939022                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.icache.occ_blocks::cpu04.inst          313                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.inst     0.078428                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::cpu04.inst     0.501603                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::total       0.580030                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.inst       412390                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        412390                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.inst       412390                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_hits::total         412390                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.inst       412390                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_hits::total        412390                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.inst          174                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_misses::total          174                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.inst          174                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_misses::total          174                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.inst          174                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_misses::total          174                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst    251234370                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    251234370                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst    251234370                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    251234370                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst    251234370                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    251234370                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst       412564                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       412564                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst       412564                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_accesses::total       412564                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst       412564                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_accesses::total       412564                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000422                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000422                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000422                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000422                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000422                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000422                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 1443875.689655                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1443875.689655                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 1443875.689655                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1443875.689655                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 1443875.689655                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1443875.689655                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       392453                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               3                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs 130817.666667                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu04.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst           60                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           60                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst           60                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           60                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst           60                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           60                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst          114                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          114                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst          114                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total          114                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst          114                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          114                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst    171982204                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    171982204                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst    171982204                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    171982204                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst    171982204                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    171982204                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000276                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000276                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000276                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000276                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000276                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000276                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 1508615.824561                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1508615.824561                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 1508615.824561                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1508615.824561                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 1508615.824561                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1508615.824561                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu04.dcache.replacements                 2072                       # number of replacements
system.cpu04.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu04.dcache.total_refs                1991894                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.sampled_refs                 2328                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_refs               855.624570                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.data   194.174975                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu04.data    61.825025                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.data     0.758496                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::cpu04.data     0.241504                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data       646282                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        646282                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data       362552                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       362552                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data         2425                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         2425                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data         2369                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         2369                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.data      1008834                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_hits::total        1008834                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.data      1008834                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_hits::total       1008834                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data         1927                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1927                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data        19416                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total        19416                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data            1                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total            1                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.data        21343                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_misses::total        21343                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.data        21343                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_misses::total        21343                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    602020454                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    602020454                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data  15654461603                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total  15654461603                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data        74983                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total        74983                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data  16256482057                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  16256482057                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data  16256482057                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  16256482057                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data       648209                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       648209                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data       381968                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       381968                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data         2426                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         2426                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data         2369                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         2369                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.data      1030177                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1030177                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.data      1030177                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1030177                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.002973                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.002973                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.050831                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.050831                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.000412                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.000412                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.020718                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.020718                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.020718                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.020718                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 312413.312922                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 312413.312922                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 806266.048774                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 806266.048774                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data        74983                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total        74983                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 761677.461322                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 761677.461322                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 761677.461322                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 761677.461322                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets    586541478                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked::no_targets           720                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets 814640.941667                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu04.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu04.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         1653                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu04.dcache.writebacks::total            1653                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data         1464                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1464                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data        17807                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total        17807                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data            1                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::total            1                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data        19271                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        19271                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data        19271                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        19271                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data          463                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          463                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data         1609                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         1609                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data         2072                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         2072                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data         2072                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         2072                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    192144421                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    192144421                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   1282755655                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1282755655                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   1474900076                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1474900076                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   1474900076                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1474900076                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.000714                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000714                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.004212                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004212                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.002011                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002011                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.002011                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002011                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 414998.749460                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 414998.749460                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 797237.821628                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 797237.821628                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 711824.361004                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 711824.361004                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 711824.361004                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 711824.361004                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu05.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu05.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu05.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu05.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu05.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu05.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu05.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu05.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu05.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu05.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu05.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu05.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu05.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu05.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu05.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu05.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu05.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu05.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu05.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu05.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu05.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu05.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu05.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu05.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu05.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu05.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu05.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu05.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu05.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu05.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu05.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu05.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu05.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu05.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu05.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu05.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu05.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu05.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu05.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu05.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu05.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu05.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu05.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu05.icache.tagsinuse              256.847765                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu05.icache.total_refs                1896374                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.sampled_refs                  261                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.avg_refs              7265.800766                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu05.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.inst    24.847765                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.icache.occ_blocks::cpu05.inst          232                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.inst     0.039820                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::cpu05.inst     0.371795                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::total       0.411615                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.inst       161785                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        161785                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.inst       161785                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_hits::total         161785                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.inst       161785                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_hits::total        161785                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           49                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           49                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           49                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_misses::total           49                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           49                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_misses::total           49                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst    177681248                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    177681248                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst    177681248                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    177681248                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst    177681248                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    177681248                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst       161834                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       161834                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst       161834                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_accesses::total       161834                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst       161834                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_accesses::total       161834                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000303                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000303                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000303                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000303                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000303                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000303                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 3626147.918367                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 3626147.918367                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 3626147.918367                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 3626147.918367                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 3626147.918367                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 3626147.918367                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu05.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst           20                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           20                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst           20                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           20                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst           20                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           20                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           29                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           29                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           29                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           29                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           29                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           29                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     94254570                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     94254570                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     94254570                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     94254570                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     94254570                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     94254570                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000179                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000179                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000179                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000179                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000179                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000179                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 3250157.586207                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 3250157.586207                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 3250157.586207                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 3250157.586207                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 3250157.586207                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 3250157.586207                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu05.dcache.replacements                 4069                       # number of replacements
system.cpu05.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu05.dcache.total_refs                1553747                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.sampled_refs                 4325                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_refs               359.247861                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.data   166.155490                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu05.data    89.844510                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.data     0.649045                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::cpu05.data     0.350955                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data       335216                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        335216                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data       198957                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       198957                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data         7665                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         7665                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data         7635                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         7635                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.data       534173                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_hits::total         534173                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.data       534173                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_hits::total        534173                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data          167                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total          167                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data        52596                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total        52596                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.data        52763                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_misses::total        52763                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.data        52763                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_misses::total        52763                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    134188754                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    134188754                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data  44557509191                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total  44557509191                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data  44691697945                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  44691697945                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data  44691697945                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  44691697945                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data       335383                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       335383                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data       251553                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       251553                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data         7665                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         7665                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data         7635                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         7635                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.data       586936                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_accesses::total       586936                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.data       586936                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_accesses::total       586936                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.000498                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000498                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.209085                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.209085                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.089896                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.089896                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.089896                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.089896                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 803525.473054                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 803525.473054                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 847165.358411                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 847165.358411                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 847027.233952                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 847027.233952                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 847027.233952                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 847027.233952                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets   2042376892                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked::no_targets          2519                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets 810788.762207                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu05.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu05.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         4038                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu05.dcache.writebacks::total            4038                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data          118                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          118                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data        48575                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total        48575                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data        48693                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        48693                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data        48693                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        48693                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data           49                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           49                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data         4021                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         4021                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data         4070                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         4070                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data         4070                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         4070                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data     57357935                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     57357935                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   3474208599                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3474208599                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   3531566534                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   3531566534                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   3531566534                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   3531566534                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.000146                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000146                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.015985                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.015985                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.006934                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006934                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.006934                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006934                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 1170570.102041                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1170570.102041                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 864016.065407                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 864016.065407                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 867706.765111                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 867706.765111                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 867706.765111                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 867706.765111                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu06.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu06.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu06.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu06.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu06.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu06.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu06.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu06.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu06.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu06.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu06.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu06.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu06.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu06.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu06.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu06.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu06.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu06.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu06.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu06.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu06.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu06.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu06.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu06.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu06.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu06.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu06.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu06.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu06.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu06.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu06.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu06.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu06.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu06.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu06.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu06.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu06.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu06.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu06.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu06.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu06.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu06.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu06.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu06.icache.tagsinuse              144.998763                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu06.icache.total_refs                2799739                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.sampled_refs                  145                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.avg_refs             19308.544828                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu06.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.inst     2.998763                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.icache.occ_blocks::cpu06.inst          142                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.inst     0.004806                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::cpu06.inst     0.227564                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::total       0.232370                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.inst       484539                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        484539                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.inst       484539                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_hits::total         484539                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.inst       484539                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_hits::total        484539                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           13                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_misses::total           13                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           13                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_misses::total           13                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      6172961                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      6172961                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      6172961                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      6172961                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      6172961                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      6172961                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst       484552                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       484552                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst       484552                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_accesses::total       484552                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst       484552                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_accesses::total       484552                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000027                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000027                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000027                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000027                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000027                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000027                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 474843.153846                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 474843.153846                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 474843.153846                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 474843.153846                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 474843.153846                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 474843.153846                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu06.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst           10                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst            3                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst            3                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst            3                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      2191023                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      2191023                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      2191023                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      2191023                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      2191023                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      2191023                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000006                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000006                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000006                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000006                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000006                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000006                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst       730341                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total       730341                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst       730341                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total       730341                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst       730341                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total       730341                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu06.dcache.replacements                  317                       # number of replacements
system.cpu06.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu06.dcache.total_refs                2084708                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.sampled_refs                  573                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_refs              3638.233857                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.data   151.392993                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu06.data   104.607007                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.data     0.591379                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::cpu06.data     0.408621                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data       640280                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        640280                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data       344447                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       344447                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data        50747                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        50747                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data        50747                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        50747                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.data       984727                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_hits::total         984727                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.data       984727                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_hits::total        984727                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data          634                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          634                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.data          634                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_misses::total          634                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.data          634                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_misses::total          634                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    445406628                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    445406628                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    445406628                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    445406628                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    445406628                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    445406628                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data       640280                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       640280                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data       345081                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       345081                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data        50747                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        50747                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data        50747                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        50747                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.data       985361                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_accesses::total       985361                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.data       985361                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_accesses::total       985361                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.001837                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.001837                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.000643                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000643                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.000643                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000643                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 702534.113565                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 702534.113565                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 702534.113565                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 702534.113565                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 702534.113565                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 702534.113565                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu06.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu06.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          317                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu06.dcache.writebacks::total             317                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data          317                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          317                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data          317                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total          317                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data          317                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total          317                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data          317                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          317                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data          317                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          317                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data          317                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          317                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    216997314                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    216997314                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    216997314                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    216997314                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    216997314                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    216997314                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.000919                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000919                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.000322                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000322                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.000322                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000322                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 684534.113565                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 684534.113565                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 684534.113565                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 684534.113565                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 684534.113565                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 684534.113565                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu07.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu07.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu07.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu07.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu07.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu07.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu07.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu07.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu07.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu07.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu07.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu07.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu07.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu07.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu07.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu07.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu07.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu07.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu07.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu07.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu07.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu07.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu07.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu07.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu07.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu07.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu07.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu07.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu07.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu07.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu07.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu07.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu07.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu07.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu07.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu07.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu07.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu07.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu07.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu07.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu07.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu07.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu07.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu07.icache.tagsinuse              360.523618                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu07.icache.total_refs                2303284                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.sampled_refs                  365                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.avg_refs              6310.367123                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu07.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.inst    28.523618                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.icache.occ_blocks::cpu07.inst          332                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.inst     0.045711                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::cpu07.inst     0.532051                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::total       0.577762                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.inst       303530                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        303530                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.inst       303530                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_hits::total         303530                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.inst       303530                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_hits::total        303530                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           43                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           43                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           43                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_misses::total           43                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           43                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_misses::total           43                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst    126857601                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    126857601                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst    126857601                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    126857601                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst    126857601                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    126857601                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst       303573                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       303573                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst       303573                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_accesses::total       303573                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst       303573                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_accesses::total       303573                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000142                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000142                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000142                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000142                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000142                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000142                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 2950176.767442                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 2950176.767442                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 2950176.767442                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 2950176.767442                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 2950176.767442                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 2950176.767442                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu07.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst           10                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           33                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           33                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           33                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           33                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           33                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           33                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     91904213                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     91904213                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     91904213                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     91904213                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     91904213                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     91904213                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000109                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000109                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000109                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000109                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000109                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000109                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 2784976.151515                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2784976.151515                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 2784976.151515                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2784976.151515                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 2784976.151515                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2784976.151515                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu07.dcache.replacements                 4537                       # number of replacements
system.cpu07.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu07.dcache.total_refs                1217520                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.sampled_refs                 4793                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_refs               254.020446                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.data   231.059919                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu07.data    24.940081                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.data     0.902578                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::cpu07.data     0.097422                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data       312657                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        312657                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data       183441                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       183441                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data        12841                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        12841                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data        12810                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        12810                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.data       496098                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_hits::total         496098                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.data       496098                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_hits::total        496098                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data         5335                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         5335                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data        32862                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total        32862                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.data        38197                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_misses::total        38197                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.data        38197                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_misses::total        38197                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    654083473                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    654083473                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data  28971730593                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total  28971730593                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data  29625814066                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  29625814066                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data  29625814066                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  29625814066                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data       317992                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       317992                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data       216303                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       216303                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data        12841                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        12841                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data        12810                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        12810                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.data       534295                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_accesses::total       534295                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.data       534295                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_accesses::total       534295                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.016777                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.016777                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.151926                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.151926                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.071490                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.071490                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.071490                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.071490                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 122602.337957                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 122602.337957                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 881617.996257                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 881617.996257                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 775605.782287                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 775605.782287                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 775605.782287                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 775605.782287                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets   1067656111                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked::no_targets          1180                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets 904793.314407                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu07.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu07.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         3755                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu07.dcache.writebacks::total            3755                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data         4380                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         4380                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data        29279                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total        29279                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data        33659                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        33659                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data        33659                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        33659                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data          955                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          955                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data         3583                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         3583                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data         4538                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         4538                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data         4538                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         4538                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    263621461                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    263621461                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   3077364291                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3077364291                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   3340985752                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   3340985752                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   3340985752                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   3340985752                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.003003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.016565                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.016565                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.008493                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.008493                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.008493                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.008493                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 276043.414660                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 276043.414660                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 858879.232766                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 858879.232766                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 736224.273248                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 736224.273248                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 736224.273248                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 736224.273248                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu08.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu08.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu08.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu08.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu08.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu08.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu08.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu08.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu08.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu08.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu08.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu08.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu08.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu08.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu08.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu08.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu08.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu08.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu08.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu08.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu08.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu08.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu08.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu08.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu08.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu08.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu08.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu08.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu08.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu08.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu08.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu08.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu08.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu08.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu08.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu08.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu08.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu08.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu08.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu08.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu08.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu08.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu08.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu08.icache.tagsinuse              360.762907                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu08.icache.total_refs                2208788                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.sampled_refs                  364                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.avg_refs              6068.098901                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu08.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.inst    31.762907                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.icache.occ_blocks::cpu08.inst          329                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.inst     0.050902                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::cpu08.inst     0.527244                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::total       0.578146                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.inst       208970                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        208970                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.inst       208970                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_hits::total         208970                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.inst       208970                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_hits::total        208970                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           48                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           48                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           48                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_misses::total           48                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           48                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_misses::total           48                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst    145283113                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    145283113                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst    145283113                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    145283113                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst    145283113                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    145283113                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst       209018                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       209018                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst       209018                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_accesses::total       209018                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst       209018                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_accesses::total       209018                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000230                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000230                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000230                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000230                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000230                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000230                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 3026731.520833                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 3026731.520833                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 3026731.520833                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 3026731.520833                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 3026731.520833                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 3026731.520833                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu08.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst           13                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst    108133347                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    108133347                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst    108133347                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    108133347                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst    108133347                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    108133347                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000167                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000167                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000167                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000167                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000167                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000167                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 3089524.200000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 3089524.200000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 3089524.200000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 3089524.200000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 3089524.200000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 3089524.200000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu08.dcache.replacements                 4619                       # number of replacements
system.cpu08.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu08.dcache.total_refs                1212436                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.sampled_refs                 4875                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_refs               248.704821                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.data   231.910270                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu08.data    24.089730                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.data     0.905899                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::cpu08.data     0.094101                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data       312714                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        312714                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data       184542                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       184542                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data         9899                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         9899                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data         9818                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         9818                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.data       497256                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_hits::total         497256                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.data       497256                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_hits::total        497256                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data         5342                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         5342                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data        32915                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total        32915                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.data        38257                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_misses::total        38257                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.data        38257                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_misses::total        38257                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    660277447                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    660277447                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data  29120759742                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total  29120759742                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data  29781037189                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  29781037189                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data  29781037189                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  29781037189                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data       318056                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       318056                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data       217457                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       217457                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data         9899                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         9899                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data         9818                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         9818                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.data       535513                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_accesses::total       535513                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.data       535513                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_accesses::total       535513                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.016796                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.016796                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.151363                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.151363                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.071440                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.071440                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.071440                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.071440                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 123601.169412                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 123601.169412                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 884726.104876                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 884726.104876                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 778446.746713                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 778446.746713                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 778446.746713                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 778446.746713                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets   1065515314                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked::no_targets          1180                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets 902979.079661                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu08.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu08.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         3779                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu08.dcache.writebacks::total            3779                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data         4332                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         4332                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data        29305                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total        29305                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data        33637                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        33637                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data        33637                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        33637                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data         1010                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         1010                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data         3610                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         3610                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data         4620                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         4620                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data         4620                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         4620                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    234191611                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    234191611                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   3188326762                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3188326762                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   3422518373                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   3422518373                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   3422518373                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   3422518373                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.003176                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003176                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.016601                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.016601                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.008627                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.008627                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.008627                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.008627                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 231872.882178                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 231872.882178                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 883193.008864                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 883193.008864                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 740804.842641                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 740804.842641                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 740804.842641                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 740804.842641                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu09.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu09.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu09.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu09.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu09.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu09.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu09.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu09.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu09.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu09.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu09.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu09.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu09.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu09.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu09.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu09.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu09.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu09.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu09.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu09.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu09.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu09.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu09.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu09.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu09.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu09.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu09.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu09.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu09.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu09.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu09.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu09.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu09.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu09.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu09.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu09.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu09.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu09.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu09.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu09.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu09.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu09.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu09.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu09.icache.tagsinuse                     142                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu09.icache.total_refs                3083258                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.sampled_refs                  142                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.avg_refs             21713.084507                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu09.icache.occ_blocks::cpu09.inst          142                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::cpu09.inst     0.227564                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::total       0.227564                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.inst       508211                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        508211                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.inst       508211                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_hits::total         508211                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.inst       508211                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_hits::total        508211                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst       508211                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       508211                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst       508211                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_accesses::total       508211                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst       508211                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_accesses::total       508211                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu09.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu09.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu09.dcache.replacements                 1674                       # number of replacements
system.cpu09.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu09.dcache.total_refs                 582115                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.sampled_refs                 1930                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_refs               301.613990                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.data   235.583721                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu09.data    20.416279                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.data     0.920249                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::cpu09.data     0.079751                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data       160432                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        160432                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data       202060                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       202060                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.data       362492                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_hits::total         362492                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.data       362492                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_hits::total        362492                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data            7                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total            7                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data        11845                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total        11845                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.data        11852                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_misses::total        11852                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.data        11852                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_misses::total        11852                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data       558615                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total       558615                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   6909230760                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   6909230760                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   6909789375                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   6909789375                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   6909789375                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   6909789375                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data       160439                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       160439                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data       213905                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       213905                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.data       374344                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_accesses::total       374344                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.data       374344                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_accesses::total       374344                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.000044                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000044                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.055375                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.055375                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.031661                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.031661                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.031661                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.031661                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 79802.142857                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 79802.142857                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 583303.567750                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 583303.567750                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 583006.190938                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 583006.190938                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 583006.190938                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 583006.190938                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu09.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu09.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         1673                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu09.dcache.writebacks::total            1673                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data            4                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            4                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data        10174                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total        10174                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data        10178                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        10178                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data        10178                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        10178                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data            3                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data         1671                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         1671                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data         1674                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         1674                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data         1674                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         1674                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data       200153                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       200153                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   1276827455                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1276827455                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   1277027608                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1277027608                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   1277027608                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1277027608                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.000019                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000019                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.007812                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.007812                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.004472                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004472                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.004472                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004472                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 66717.666667                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 66717.666667                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 764109.787552                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 764109.787552                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 762859.980884                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 762859.980884                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 762859.980884                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 762859.980884                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu10.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu10.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu10.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu10.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu10.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu10.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu10.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu10.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu10.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu10.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu10.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu10.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu10.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu10.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu10.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu10.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu10.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu10.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu10.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu10.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu10.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu10.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu10.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu10.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu10.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu10.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu10.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu10.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu10.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu10.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu10.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu10.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu10.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu10.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu10.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu10.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu10.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu10.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu10.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu10.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu10.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu10.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu10.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu10.icache.tagsinuse              144.998580                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu10.icache.total_refs                2799580                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.sampled_refs                  145                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.avg_refs             19307.448276                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu10.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.inst     2.998580                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.icache.occ_blocks::cpu10.inst          142                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.inst     0.004805                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::cpu10.inst     0.227564                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::total       0.232370                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.inst       484380                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        484380                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.inst       484380                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_hits::total         484380                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.inst       484380                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_hits::total        484380                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           17                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           17                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           17                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_misses::total           17                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           17                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_misses::total           17                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     16698361                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     16698361                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     16698361                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     16698361                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     16698361                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     16698361                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst       484397                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       484397                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst       484397                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_accesses::total       484397                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst       484397                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_accesses::total       484397                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000035                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000035                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000035                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000035                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000035                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000035                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 982256.529412                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 982256.529412                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 982256.529412                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 982256.529412                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 982256.529412                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 982256.529412                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu10.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           14                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst            3                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst            3                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst            3                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      3051023                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      3051023                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      3051023                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      3051023                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      3051023                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      3051023                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000006                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000006                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000006                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000006                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000006                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000006                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1017007.666667                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1017007.666667                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1017007.666667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1017007.666667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1017007.666667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1017007.666667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu10.dcache.replacements                  317                       # number of replacements
system.cpu10.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu10.dcache.total_refs                2084356                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.sampled_refs                  573                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_refs              3637.619546                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.data   151.321387                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu10.data   104.678613                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.data     0.591099                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::cpu10.data     0.408901                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data       640071                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        640071                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data       344337                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       344337                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data        50731                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        50731                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data        50730                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        50730                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.data       984408                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_hits::total         984408                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.data       984408                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_hits::total        984408                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data          634                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          634                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.data          634                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_misses::total          634                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.data          634                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_misses::total          634                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    448295424                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    448295424                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    448295424                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    448295424                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    448295424                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    448295424                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data       640071                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       640071                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data       344971                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       344971                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data        50731                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        50731                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data        50730                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        50730                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.data       985042                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_accesses::total       985042                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.data       985042                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_accesses::total       985042                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.001838                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.001838                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.000644                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000644                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.000644                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000644                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 707090.574132                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 707090.574132                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 707090.574132                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 707090.574132                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 707090.574132                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 707090.574132                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu10.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu10.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          317                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu10.dcache.writebacks::total             317                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data          317                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          317                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data          317                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total          317                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data          317                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total          317                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data          317                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          317                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data          317                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          317                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data          317                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          317                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    218441712                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    218441712                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    218441712                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    218441712                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    218441712                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    218441712                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.000919                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000919                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.000322                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000322                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.000322                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000322                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 689090.574132                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 689090.574132                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 689090.574132                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 689090.574132                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 689090.574132                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 689090.574132                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu11.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu11.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu11.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu11.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu11.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu11.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu11.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu11.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu11.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu11.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu11.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu11.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu11.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu11.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu11.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu11.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu11.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu11.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu11.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu11.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu11.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu11.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu11.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu11.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu11.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu11.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu11.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu11.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu11.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu11.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu11.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu11.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu11.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu11.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu11.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu11.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu11.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu11.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu11.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu11.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu11.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu11.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu11.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu11.icache.tagsinuse              356.383893                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu11.icache.total_refs                2303115                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.sampled_refs                  357                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.avg_refs              6451.302521                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu11.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.inst    24.383893                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.icache.occ_blocks::cpu11.inst          332                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.inst     0.039077                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::cpu11.inst     0.532051                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::total       0.571128                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.inst       303361                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        303361                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.inst       303361                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_hits::total         303361                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.inst       303361                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_hits::total        303361                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           31                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           31                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           31                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_misses::total           31                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           31                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_misses::total           31                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst    108848561                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    108848561                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst    108848561                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    108848561                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst    108848561                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    108848561                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst       303392                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       303392                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst       303392                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_accesses::total       303392                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst       303392                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_accesses::total       303392                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000102                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000102                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000102                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000102                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000102                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000102                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 3511243.903226                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 3511243.903226                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 3511243.903226                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 3511243.903226                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 3511243.903226                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 3511243.903226                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu11.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            6                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            6                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            6                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            6                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            6                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            6                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           25                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           25                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           25                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           25                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           25                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           25                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     76445181                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     76445181                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     76445181                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     76445181                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     76445181                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     76445181                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000082                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000082                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000082                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000082                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000082                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000082                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 3057807.240000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 3057807.240000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 3057807.240000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 3057807.240000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 3057807.240000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 3057807.240000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu11.dcache.replacements                 4578                       # number of replacements
system.cpu11.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu11.dcache.total_refs                1224772                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.sampled_refs                 4834                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_refs               253.366156                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.data   230.801273                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu11.data    25.198727                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.data     0.901567                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::cpu11.data     0.098433                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data       316947                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        316947                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data       186022                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       186022                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data        13032                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        13032                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data        13000                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        13000                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.data       502969                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_hits::total         502969                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.data       502969                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_hits::total        502969                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data         5364                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         5364                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data        33081                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total        33081                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.data        38445                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_misses::total        38445                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.data        38445                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_misses::total        38445                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    622185956                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    622185956                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data  28781442704                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total  28781442704                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data  29403628660                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  29403628660                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data  29403628660                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  29403628660                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data       322311                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       322311                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data       219103                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       219103                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data        13032                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        13032                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data        13000                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        13000                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.data       541414                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_accesses::total       541414                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.data       541414                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_accesses::total       541414                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.016642                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.016642                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.150984                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.150984                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.071009                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.071009                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.071009                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.071009                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 115992.907532                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 115992.907532                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 870029.403706                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 870029.403706                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 764823.219144                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 764823.219144                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 764823.219144                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 764823.219144                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets   1058329386                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked::no_targets          1183                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets 894614.865596                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu11.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu11.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         3798                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu11.dcache.writebacks::total            3798                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data         4407                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         4407                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data        29459                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total        29459                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data        33866                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        33866                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data        33866                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        33866                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data          957                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          957                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data         3622                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         3622                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data         4579                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         4579                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data         4579                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         4579                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    222340600                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    222340600                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   3054205232                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3054205232                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   3276545832                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   3276545832                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   3276545832                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   3276545832                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.002969                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002969                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.016531                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.016531                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.008457                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.008457                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.008457                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.008457                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 232330.825496                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 232330.825496                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 843237.225842                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 843237.225842                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 715559.255733                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 715559.255733                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 715559.255733                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 715559.255733                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu12.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu12.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu12.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu12.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu12.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu12.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu12.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu12.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu12.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu12.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu12.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu12.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu12.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu12.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu12.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu12.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu12.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu12.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu12.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu12.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu12.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu12.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu12.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu12.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu12.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu12.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu12.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu12.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu12.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu12.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu12.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu12.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu12.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu12.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu12.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu12.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu12.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu12.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu12.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu12.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu12.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu12.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu12.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu12.icache.tagsinuse              361.967290                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu12.icache.total_refs                3062687                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.sampled_refs                  427                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.avg_refs              7172.569087                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu12.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.inst    48.967290                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.icache.occ_blocks::cpu12.inst          313                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.inst     0.078473                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::cpu12.inst     0.501603                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::total       0.580076                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.inst       412200                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        412200                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.inst       412200                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_hits::total         412200                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.inst       412200                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_hits::total        412200                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.inst          176                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_misses::total          176                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.inst          176                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_misses::total          176                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.inst          176                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_misses::total          176                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst    246520086                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    246520086                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst    246520086                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    246520086                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst    246520086                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    246520086                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst       412376                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       412376                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst       412376                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_accesses::total       412376                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst       412376                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_accesses::total       412376                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000427                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000427                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000427                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000427                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000427                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000427                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 1400682.306818                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1400682.306818                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 1400682.306818                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1400682.306818                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 1400682.306818                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1400682.306818                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs        64100                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               1                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs        64100                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu12.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst           62                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           62                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst           62                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           62                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst           62                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           62                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst          114                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          114                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst          114                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total          114                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst          114                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          114                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst    162720322                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    162720322                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst    162720322                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    162720322                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst    162720322                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    162720322                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000276                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000276                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000276                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000276                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000276                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000276                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 1427371.245614                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1427371.245614                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 1427371.245614                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1427371.245614                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 1427371.245614                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1427371.245614                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu12.dcache.replacements                 2087                       # number of replacements
system.cpu12.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu12.dcache.total_refs                1992347                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.sampled_refs                 2343                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_refs               850.340162                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.data   194.130278                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu12.data    61.869722                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.data     0.758321                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::cpu12.data     0.241679                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data       646560                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        646560                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data       362724                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       362724                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data         2425                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         2425                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data         2372                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         2372                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.data      1009284                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_hits::total        1009284                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.data      1009284                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_hits::total       1009284                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data         1940                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1940                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data        19577                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total        19577                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data            1                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total            1                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.data        21517                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_misses::total        21517                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.data        21517                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_misses::total        21517                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    575405372                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    575405372                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data  15740606046                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total  15740606046                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data        74899                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total        74899                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data  16316011418                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  16316011418                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data  16316011418                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  16316011418                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data       648500                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       648500                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data       382301                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       382301                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data         2426                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         2426                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data         2372                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         2372                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.data      1030801                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1030801                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.data      1030801                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1030801                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.002992                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.002992                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.051208                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.051208                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.000412                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.000412                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.020874                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.020874                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.020874                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.020874                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 296600.707216                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 296600.707216                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 804035.656434                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 804035.656434                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data        74899                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total        74899                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 758284.678069                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 758284.678069                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 758284.678069                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 758284.678069                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets    591408682                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked::no_targets           728                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets 812374.563187                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu12.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu12.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         1665                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu12.dcache.writebacks::total            1665                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data         1470                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1470                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data        17959                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total        17959                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data            1                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::total            1                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data        19429                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        19429                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data        19429                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        19429                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data          470                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          470                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data         1618                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         1618                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data         2088                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         2088                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data         2088                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         2088                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    183413561                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    183413561                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   1286590807                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1286590807                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   1470004368                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1470004368                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   1470004368                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1470004368                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.000725                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000725                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.004232                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004232                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.002026                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002026                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.002026                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002026                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 390241.619149                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 390241.619149                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 795173.551916                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 795173.551916                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 704025.080460                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 704025.080460                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 704025.080460                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 704025.080460                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu13.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu13.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu13.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu13.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu13.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu13.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu13.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu13.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu13.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu13.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu13.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu13.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu13.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu13.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu13.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu13.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu13.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu13.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu13.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu13.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu13.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu13.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu13.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu13.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu13.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu13.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu13.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu13.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu13.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu13.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu13.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu13.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu13.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu13.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu13.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu13.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu13.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu13.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu13.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu13.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu13.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu13.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu13.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu13.icache.tagsinuse              258.012449                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu13.icache.total_refs                1898169                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.sampled_refs                  261                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.avg_refs              7272.678161                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu13.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.inst    26.012449                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.icache.occ_blocks::cpu13.inst          232                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.inst     0.041687                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::cpu13.inst     0.371795                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::total       0.413481                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.inst       163580                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        163580                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.inst       163580                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_hits::total         163580                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.inst       163580                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_hits::total        163580                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           46                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           46                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           46                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_misses::total           46                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           46                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_misses::total           46                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst    189900013                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    189900013                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst    189900013                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    189900013                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst    189900013                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    189900013                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst       163626                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       163626                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst       163626                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_accesses::total       163626                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst       163626                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_accesses::total       163626                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000281                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000281                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000281                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000281                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000281                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000281                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 4128261.152174                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 4128261.152174                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 4128261.152174                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 4128261.152174                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 4128261.152174                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 4128261.152174                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu13.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst           17                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           17                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst           17                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           17                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst           17                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           17                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           29                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           29                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           29                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           29                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           29                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           29                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     84717930                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     84717930                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     84717930                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     84717930                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     84717930                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     84717930                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000177                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000177                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000177                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000177                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000177                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000177                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 2921307.931034                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2921307.931034                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 2921307.931034                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2921307.931034                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 2921307.931034                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2921307.931034                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu13.dcache.replacements                 4080                       # number of replacements
system.cpu13.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu13.dcache.total_refs                1557319                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.sampled_refs                 4336                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_refs               359.160286                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.data   166.127784                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu13.data    89.872216                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.data     0.648937                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::cpu13.data     0.351063                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data       338408                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        338408                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data       199309                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       199309                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data         7679                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         7679                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data         7649                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         7649                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.data       537717                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_hits::total         537717                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.data       537717                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_hits::total        537717                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data          171                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total          171                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data        52678                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total        52678                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.data        52849                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_misses::total        52849                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.data        52849                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_misses::total        52849                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    140000789                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    140000789                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data  44488874361                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total  44488874361                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data  44628875150                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  44628875150                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data  44628875150                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  44628875150                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data       338579                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       338579                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data       251987                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       251987                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data         7679                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         7679                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data         7649                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         7649                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.data       590566                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_accesses::total       590566                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.data       590566                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_accesses::total       590566                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.000505                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000505                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.209050                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.209050                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.089489                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.089489                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.089489                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.089489                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 818718.064327                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 818718.064327                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 844543.725293                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 844543.725293                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 844460.162917                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 844460.162917                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 844460.162917                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 844460.162917                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets   2040990107                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked::no_targets          2523                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets 808953.669045                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu13.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu13.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         4045                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu13.dcache.writebacks::total            4045                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data          118                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          118                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data        48651                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total        48651                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data        48769                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        48769                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data        48769                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        48769                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data           53                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           53                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data         4027                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         4027                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data         4080                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         4080                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data         4080                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         4080                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data     45424840                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     45424840                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   3472399823                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3472399823                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   3517824663                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   3517824663                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   3517824663                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   3517824663                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.000157                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000157                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.015981                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.015981                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.006909                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006909                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.006909                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006909                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 857072.452830                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 857072.452830                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 862279.568662                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 862279.568662                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 862211.927206                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 862211.927206                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 862211.927206                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 862211.927206                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu14.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu14.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu14.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu14.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu14.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu14.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu14.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu14.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu14.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu14.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu14.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu14.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu14.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu14.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu14.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu14.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu14.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu14.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu14.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu14.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu14.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu14.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu14.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu14.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu14.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu14.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu14.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu14.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu14.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu14.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu14.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu14.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu14.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu14.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu14.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu14.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu14.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu14.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu14.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu14.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu14.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu14.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu14.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu14.icache.tagsinuse              144.998690                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu14.icache.total_refs                2799849                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.sampled_refs                  145                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.avg_refs             19309.303448                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu14.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.inst     2.998690                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.icache.occ_blocks::cpu14.inst          142                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.inst     0.004806                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::cpu14.inst     0.227564                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::total       0.232370                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.inst       484649                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        484649                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.inst       484649                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_hits::total         484649                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.inst       484649                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_hits::total        484649                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           15                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           15                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           15                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_misses::total           15                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           15                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_misses::total           15                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     10015030                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     10015030                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     10015030                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     10015030                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     10015030                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     10015030                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst       484664                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       484664                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst       484664                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_accesses::total       484664                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst       484664                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_accesses::total       484664                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000031                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000031                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000031                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000031                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000031                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000031                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 667668.666667                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 667668.666667                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 667668.666667                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 667668.666667                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 667668.666667                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 667668.666667                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu14.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst           12                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst           12                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst           12                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst            3                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst            3                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst            3                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      2535023                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      2535023                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      2535023                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      2535023                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      2535023                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      2535023                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000006                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000006                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000006                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000006                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000006                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000006                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 845007.666667                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 845007.666667                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 845007.666667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 845007.666667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 845007.666667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 845007.666667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu14.dcache.replacements                  318                       # number of replacements
system.cpu14.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu14.dcache.total_refs                2084949                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.sampled_refs                  574                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_refs              3632.315331                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.data   151.504717                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu14.data   104.495283                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.data     0.591815                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::cpu14.data     0.408185                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data       640423                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        640423                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data       344523                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       344523                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data        50758                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        50758                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data        50758                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        50758                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.data       984946                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_hits::total         984946                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.data       984946                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_hits::total        984946                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data          636                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          636                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.data          636                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_misses::total          636                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.data          636                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_misses::total          636                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    443422590                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    443422590                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    443422590                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    443422590                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    443422590                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    443422590                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data       640423                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       640423                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data       345159                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       345159                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data        50758                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        50758                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data        50758                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        50758                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.data       985582                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_accesses::total       985582                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.data       985582                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_accesses::total       985582                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.001843                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.001843                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.000645                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000645                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.000645                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000645                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 697205.330189                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 697205.330189                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 697205.330189                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 697205.330189                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 697205.330189                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 697205.330189                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu14.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu14.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          318                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu14.dcache.writebacks::total             318                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data          318                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          318                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data          318                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total          318                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data          318                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total          318                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data          318                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          318                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data          318                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          318                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data          318                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          318                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    215987295                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    215987295                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    215987295                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    215987295                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    215987295                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    215987295                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.000921                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000921                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.000323                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000323                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.000323                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000323                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 679205.330189                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 679205.330189                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 679205.330189                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 679205.330189                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 679205.330189                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 679205.330189                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu15.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu15.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu15.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu15.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu15.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu15.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu15.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu15.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu15.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu15.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu15.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu15.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu15.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu15.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu15.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu15.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu15.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu15.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu15.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu15.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu15.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu15.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu15.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu15.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu15.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu15.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu15.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu15.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu15.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu15.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu15.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu15.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu15.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu15.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu15.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu15.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu15.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu15.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu15.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu15.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu15.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu15.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu15.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu15.icache.tagsinuse              356.878881                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu15.icache.total_refs                2302168                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.sampled_refs                  360                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.avg_refs              6394.911111                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu15.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.inst    24.878881                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.icache.occ_blocks::cpu15.inst          332                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.inst     0.039870                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::cpu15.inst     0.532051                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::total       0.571921                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.inst       302414                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        302414                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.inst       302414                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_hits::total         302414                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.inst       302414                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_hits::total        302414                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           34                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_misses::total           34                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           34                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_misses::total           34                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     83384124                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     83384124                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     83384124                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     83384124                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     83384124                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     83384124                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst       302448                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       302448                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst       302448                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_accesses::total       302448                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst       302448                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_accesses::total       302448                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000112                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000112                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000112                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000112                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000112                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000112                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 2452474.235294                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 2452474.235294                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 2452474.235294                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 2452474.235294                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 2452474.235294                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 2452474.235294                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu15.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            6                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            6                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            6                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            6                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            6                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            6                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           28                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           28                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           28                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           28                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           28                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           28                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     69707607                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     69707607                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     69707607                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     69707607                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     69707607                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     69707607                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000093                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000093                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000093                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000093                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000093                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000093                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 2489557.392857                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2489557.392857                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 2489557.392857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2489557.392857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 2489557.392857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2489557.392857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu15.dcache.replacements                 4551                       # number of replacements
system.cpu15.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu15.dcache.total_refs                1219497                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.sampled_refs                 4807                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_refs               253.691908                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.data   231.136683                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu15.data    24.863317                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.data     0.902878                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::cpu15.data     0.097122                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data       313757                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        313757                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data       184208                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       184208                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data        12897                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        12897                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data        12864                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        12864                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.data       497965                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_hits::total         497965                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.data       497965                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_hits::total        497965                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data         5350                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         5350                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data        32937                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total        32937                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.data        38287                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_misses::total        38287                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.data        38287                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_misses::total        38287                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    650466973                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    650466973                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data  29022570118                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total  29022570118                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data  29673037091                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  29673037091                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data  29673037091                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  29673037091                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data       319107                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       319107                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data       217145                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       217145                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data        12897                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        12897                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data        12864                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        12864                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.data       536252                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_accesses::total       536252                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.data       536252                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_accesses::total       536252                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.016766                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.016766                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.151682                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.151682                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.071397                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.071397                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.071397                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.071397                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 121582.611776                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 121582.611776                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 881154.024896                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 881154.024896                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 775015.986915                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 775015.986915                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 775015.986915                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 775015.986915                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets   1069939399                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked::no_targets          1180                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets 906728.304237                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu15.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu15.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         3774                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu15.dcache.writebacks::total            3774                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data         4395                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         4395                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data        29340                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total        29340                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data        33735                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        33735                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data        33735                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        33735                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data          955                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          955                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data         3597                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         3597                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data         4552                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         4552                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data         4552                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         4552                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    251221668                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    251221668                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   3069830502                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3069830502                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   3321052170                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   3321052170                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   3321052170                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   3321052170                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.002993                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002993                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.016565                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.016565                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.008489                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.008489                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.008489                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.008489                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 263059.338220                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 263059.338220                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 853441.896580                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 853441.896580                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 729580.880931                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 729580.880931                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 729580.880931                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 729580.880931                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
