
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.119971                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                119971051788                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               685269483615                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 319630                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   399162                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                                1999295                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                               67606152                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                 60006.69                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                 19179946370                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                   23952366904                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus00.inst         4480                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus00.data      2921600                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus01.inst         4864                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus01.data      2984320                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus02.inst         5248                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus02.data      2151296                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus03.inst         4864                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus03.data      4881280                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus04.inst         4864                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus04.data      4430336                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus05.inst         4992                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus05.data      4391680                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus06.inst         4864                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus06.data      4431744                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus07.inst         4992                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus07.data      4814464                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus08.inst         5248                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus08.data      2174720                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus09.inst         4992                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus09.data      2988416                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus10.inst         4864                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus10.data      4826880                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus11.inst         5376                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus11.data      1668608                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus12.inst         5248                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus12.data      1672064                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus13.inst         5248                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus13.data      4880256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus14.inst         4864                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus14.data      4846976                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus15.inst         4864                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus15.data      4427392                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::total             58571904                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus00.inst         4480                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus01.inst         4864                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus02.inst         5248                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus03.inst         4864                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus04.inst         4864                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus05.inst         4992                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus06.inst         4864                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus07.inst         4992                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus08.inst         5248                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus09.inst         4992                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus10.inst         4864                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus11.inst         5376                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus12.inst         5248                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus13.inst         5248                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus14.inst         4864                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus15.inst         4864                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total           79872                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks     13539328                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::total          13539328                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus00.inst           35                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus00.data        22825                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus01.inst           38                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus01.data        23315                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus02.inst           41                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus02.data        16807                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus03.inst           38                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus03.data        38135                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus04.inst           38                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus04.data        34612                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus05.inst           39                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus05.data        34310                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus06.inst           38                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus06.data        34623                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus07.inst           39                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus07.data        37613                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus08.inst           41                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus08.data        16990                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus09.inst           39                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus09.data        23347                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus10.inst           38                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus10.data        37710                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus11.inst           42                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus11.data        13036                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus12.inst           41                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus12.data        13063                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus13.inst           41                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus13.data        38127                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus14.inst           38                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus14.data        37867                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus15.inst           38                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus15.data        34589                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::total                457593                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::writebacks          105776                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::functional               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::interrupt                0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::total               105776                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus00.inst        37342                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus00.data     24352541                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus01.inst        40543                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus01.data     24875334                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus02.inst        43744                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus02.data     17931792                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus03.inst        40543                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus03.data     40687149                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus04.inst        40543                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus04.data     36928375                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus05.inst        41610                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus05.data     36606164                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus06.inst        40543                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus06.data     36940111                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus07.inst        41610                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus07.data     40130214                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus08.inst        43744                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus08.data     18127040                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus09.inst        41610                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus09.data     24909476                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus10.inst        40543                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus10.data     40233706                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus11.inst        44811                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus11.data     13908422                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus12.inst        43744                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus12.data     13937229                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus13.inst        43744                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus13.data     40678613                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus14.inst        40543                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus14.data     40401213                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus15.inst        40543                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus15.data     36903836                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::total               488216975                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus00.inst        37342                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus01.inst        40543                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus02.inst        43744                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus03.inst        40543                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus04.inst        40543                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus05.inst        41610                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus06.inst        40543                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus07.inst        41610                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus08.inst        43744                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus09.inst        41610                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus10.inst        40543                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus11.inst        44811                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus12.inst        43744                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus13.inst        43744                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus14.inst        40543                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus15.inst        40543                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::total             665761                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::writebacks         112854958                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::total              112854958                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::writebacks         112854958                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus00.inst        37342                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus00.data     24352541                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus01.inst        40543                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus01.data     24875334                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus02.inst        43744                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus02.data     17931792                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus03.inst        40543                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus03.data     40687149                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus04.inst        40543                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus04.data     36928375                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus05.inst        41610                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus05.data     36606164                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus06.inst        40543                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus06.data     36940111                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus07.inst        41610                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus07.data     40130214                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus08.inst        43744                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus08.data     18127040                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus09.inst        41610                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus09.data     24909476                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus10.inst        40543                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus10.data     40233706                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus11.inst        44811                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus11.data     13908422                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus12.inst        43744                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus12.data     13937229                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus13.inst        43744                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus13.data     40678613                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus14.inst        40543                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus14.data     40401213                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus15.inst        40543                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus15.data     36903836                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::total              601071933                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus00.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus00.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.workload.num_syscalls                 29                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus00.numCycles              287700365                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus00.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus00.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.lookups       21814393                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.condPredicted     19471117                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      1740386                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBLookups     14468685                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBHits       14213339                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.usedRAS        1309993                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        52009                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.icacheStallCycles    230411674                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Insts            123952035                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Branches          21814393                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.predictedBranches     15523332                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Cycles            27623461                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.SquashCycles       5726186                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.BlockedCycles      3518997                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.MiscStallCycles            1                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           29                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.CacheLines        13943945                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1708176                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::samples    265530165                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.523063                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.765681                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::0      237906704     89.60%     89.60% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::1        4204206      1.58%     91.18% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::2        2133183      0.80%     91.98% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::3        4158588      1.57%     93.55% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::4        1337214      0.50%     94.05% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::5        3840655      1.45%     95.50% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::6         608244      0.23%     95.73% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::7         989874      0.37%     96.10% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::8       10351497      3.90%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::total    265530165                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.branchRate        0.075823                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rate              0.430837                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.decode.IdleCycles      228026804                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BlockedCycles      5956553                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus00.decode.RunCycles        27568945                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus00.decode.UnblockCycles        22223                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.decode.SquashCycles      3955636                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BranchResolved      2065198                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BranchMispred        20367                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus00.decode.DecodedInsts    138671911                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus00.decode.SquashedInsts        38345                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus00.rename.SquashCycles      3955636                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.rename.IdleCycles      228296185                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus00.rename.BlockCycles       3515942                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus00.rename.serializeStallCycles      1599879                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RunCycles        27311538                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus00.rename.UnblockCycles       850981                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenamedInsts    138469320                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus00.rename.ROBFullEvents          259                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.IQFullEvents       106650                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.LSQFullEvents       663654                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenamedOperands    181492078                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenameLookups    627639467                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus00.rename.int_rename_lookups    627639467                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus00.rename.CommittedMaps    147034306                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.UndoneMaps       34457746                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus00.rename.serializingInsts        18597                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.tempSerializingInsts         9409                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.skidInsts         1927466                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.insertedLoads     24958595                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.insertedStores      4066492                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.conflictingLoads        26484                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.conflictingStores       925949                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqInstsAdded        137759973                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        18660                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqInstsIssued       128945137                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        82111                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     24989088                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     51203473                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          126                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    265530165                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.485614                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.098510                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    209010307     78.71%     78.71% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     17803307      6.70%     85.42% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     18891396      7.11%     92.53% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::3     10973170      4.13%     96.67% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      5679047      2.14%     98.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      1420301      0.53%     99.34% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      1679905      0.63%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        39451      0.01%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        33281      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    265530165                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        215241     57.20%     57.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     57.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     57.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     57.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     57.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     57.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     57.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     57.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     57.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     57.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     57.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     57.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     57.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     57.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     57.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     57.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     57.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::MemRead        88120     23.42%     80.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        72960     19.39%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    101123417     78.42%     78.42% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      1013021      0.79%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         9190      0.01%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     22767508     17.66%     96.87% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      4032001      3.13%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::total    128945137                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.rate                 0.448192                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_busy_cnt            376321                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002918                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    523878870                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    162768075                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    125665258                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_alu_accesses    129321458                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       102268                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      5120529                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          123                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          362                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       100547                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewSquashCycles      3955636                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewBlockCycles       2492099                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewUnblockCycles       104468                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    137778720                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        18233                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     24958595                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      4066492                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         9402                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewIQFullEvents        46162                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewLSQFullEvents         2649                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus00.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          362                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus00.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1172672                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus00.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       672442                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus00.iew.branchMispredicts      1845114                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecutedInsts    127316154                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     22447168                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1628982                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_nop                  87                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_refs           26478991                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_branches       19343489                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_stores          4031823                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_rate           0.442530                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_sent            125694045                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_count           125665258                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_producers        76023102                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_consumers       165686983                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_rate             0.436792                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_fanout           0.458836                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitCommittedInsts    100000000                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitCommittedOps    112615979                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitSquashedInsts     25168551                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        18534                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus00.commit.branchMispredicts      1729525                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    261574529                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.430531                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.300643                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    219618872     83.96%     83.96% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     16497121      6.31%     90.27% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::2     10569918      4.04%     94.31% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      3352360      1.28%     95.59% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      5531777      2.11%     97.70% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      1080425      0.41%     98.12% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       686278      0.26%     98.38% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       627183      0.24%     98.62% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      3610595      1.38%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    261574529                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committedInsts    100000000                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committedOps    112615979                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.refs             23804005                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.loads            19838060                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.membars              9247                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.branches         17267929                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.int_insts        98436174                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.function_calls      1412128                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.bw_lim_events      3610595                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus00.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus00.rob.rob_reads          395748087                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus00.rob.rob_writes         279527875                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus00.timesIdled               5133830                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus00.idleCycles              22170200                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus00.committedInsts         100000000                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.committedOps           112615979                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.committedInsts_total    100000000                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.cpi                     2.877004                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus00.cpi_total               2.877004                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus00.ipc                     0.347584                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus00.ipc_total               0.347584                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus00.int_regfile_reads      591749145                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus00.int_regfile_writes     163752675                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus00.misc_regfile_reads     147232561                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus00.misc_regfile_writes        18516                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus01.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus01.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.workload.num_syscalls                 58                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus01.numCycles              287700365                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus01.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus01.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.lookups       23382327                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.condPredicted     19173535                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      2286408                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      9632334                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBHits        9128296                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.usedRAS        2397178                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect       102630                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.icacheStallCycles    222969794                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Insts            132889241                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Branches          23382327                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.predictedBranches     11525474                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Cycles            29224530                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.SquashCycles       6502873                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.BlockedCycles      7509535                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.CacheLines        13734443                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.IcacheSquashes      2268776                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::samples    263885043                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.615726                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.967018                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::0      234660513     88.93%     88.93% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::1        3167906      1.20%     90.13% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::2        3665193      1.39%     91.51% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::3        2011650      0.76%     92.28% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::4        2316288      0.88%     93.15% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::5        1274604      0.48%     93.64% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::6         866995      0.33%     93.97% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::7        2267710      0.86%     94.83% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::8       13654184      5.17%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::total    263885043                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.branchRate        0.081273                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rate              0.461902                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.decode.IdleCycles      221161801                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BlockedCycles      9351625                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus01.decode.RunCycles        28980328                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus01.decode.UnblockCycles       231368                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.decode.SquashCycles      4159917                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BranchResolved      3797420                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BranchMispred        21267                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus01.decode.DecodedInsts    162221470                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus01.decode.SquashedInsts       105153                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus01.rename.SquashCycles      4159917                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.rename.IdleCycles      221515436                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus01.rename.BlockCycles       3336704                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus01.rename.serializeStallCycles      5022815                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RunCycles        28872527                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus01.rename.UnblockCycles       977640                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenamedInsts    162122737                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus01.rename.ROBFullEvents          253                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.IQFullEvents       251215                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.LSQFullEvents       455512                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenamedOperands    225310170                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenameLookups    754856843                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus01.rename.int_rename_lookups    754856843                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus01.rename.CommittedMaps    192349719                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.UndoneMaps       32960451                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus01.rename.serializingInsts        42272                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.tempSerializingInsts        23522                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.skidInsts         2610750                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.insertedLoads     15467985                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.insertedStores      8429347                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.conflictingLoads       221768                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.conflictingStores      1874577                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqInstsAdded        161884833                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        42364                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqInstsIssued       152959845                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       214184                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     20273592                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     46899577                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         4586                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    263885043                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.579646                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.269277                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    199448886     75.58%     75.58% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     25907494      9.82%     85.40% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     13922883      5.28%     90.68% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      9645202      3.66%     94.33% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      8430219      3.19%     97.53% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      4311545      1.63%     99.16% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      1044037      0.40%     99.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       670060      0.25%     99.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       504717      0.19%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    263885043                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         40192     12.17%     12.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::MemRead       141858     42.95%     55.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       148212     44.88%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    128036841     83.71%     83.71% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      2393601      1.56%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        18732      0.01%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     14139660      9.24%     94.53% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      8371011      5.47%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::total    152959845                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.rate                 0.531664                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_busy_cnt            330262                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002159                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    570349179                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    182202223                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    150422402                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_alu_accesses    153290107                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       385963                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2724025                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          921                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         1436                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       184874                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         9367                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewSquashCycles      4159917                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewBlockCycles       2773111                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewUnblockCycles       166979                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    161927329                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        60932                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     15467985                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      8429347                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        23494                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewIQFullEvents       117782                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            3                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus01.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         1436                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus01.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1324377                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus01.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1284640                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus01.iew.branchMispredicts      2609017                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecutedInsts    150706943                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     13277013                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      2252902                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_nop                 132                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_refs           21646169                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_branches       21089168                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_stores          8369156                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_rate           0.523833                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_sent            150424776                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_count           150422402                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_producers        89396644                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_consumers       234182206                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_rate             0.522844                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_fanout           0.381740                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitCommittedInsts    112952303                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitCommittedOps    138578520                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitSquashedInsts     23350365                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        37778                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus01.commit.branchMispredicts      2299495                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    259725126                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.533558                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.352692                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    203122470     78.21%     78.21% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     26247201     10.11%     88.31% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::2     10998386      4.23%     92.55% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      6610546      2.55%     95.09% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      4575408      1.76%     96.85% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      2955779      1.14%     97.99% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1532577      0.59%     98.58% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::7      1235152      0.48%     99.06% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2447607      0.94%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    259725126                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committedInsts    112952303                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committedOps    138578520                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.refs             20988433                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.loads            12743960                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.membars             18848                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.branches         19834197                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.int_insts       124932795                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.function_calls      2819385                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.bw_lim_events      2447607                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus01.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus01.rob.rob_reads          419205650                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus01.rob.rob_writes         328017769                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus01.timesIdled               3412442                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus01.idleCycles              23815322                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus01.committedInsts         112952303                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.committedOps           138578520                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.committedInsts_total    112952303                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.cpi                     2.547096                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus01.cpi_total               2.547096                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus01.ipc                     0.392604                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus01.ipc_total               0.392604                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus01.int_regfile_reads      679810103                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus01.int_regfile_writes     208764481                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus01.misc_regfile_reads     151391744                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus01.misc_regfile_writes        37744                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus02.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus02.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.workload.num_syscalls                 60                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus02.numCycles              287700365                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus02.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus02.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.lookups       23684970                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.condPredicted     19378963                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      2314524                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      9990501                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBHits        9342331                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.usedRAS        2448941                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect       105668                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.icacheStallCycles    228165550                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Insts            132360336                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Branches          23684970                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.predictedBranches     11791272                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Cycles            27646615                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.SquashCycles       6292068                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.BlockedCycles      5548746                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           24                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.CacheLines        13956624                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.IcacheSquashes      2316349                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::samples    265308400                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.612752                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.954412                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::0      237661785     89.58%     89.58% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::1        1293237      0.49%     90.07% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::2        2048690      0.77%     90.84% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::3        2771638      1.04%     91.88% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::4        2855761      1.08%     92.96% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::5        2417895      0.91%     93.87% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::6        1360307      0.51%     94.38% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::7        2004395      0.76%     95.14% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::8       12894692      4.86%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::total    265308400                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.branchRate        0.082325                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rate              0.460063                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.decode.IdleCycles      225842325                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BlockedCycles      7891622                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus02.decode.RunCycles        27596765                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus02.decode.UnblockCycles        30604                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.decode.SquashCycles      3947083                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BranchResolved      3899170                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BranchMispred          383                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus02.decode.DecodedInsts    162445094                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus02.decode.SquashedInsts         2004                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus02.rename.SquashCycles      3947083                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.rename.IdleCycles      226464911                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus02.rename.BlockCycles       1620314                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus02.rename.serializeStallCycles      4848750                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RunCycles        27012450                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus02.rename.UnblockCycles      1414889                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenamedInsts    162385450                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus02.rename.ROBFullEvents          212                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.IQFullEvents       193868                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.LSQFullEvents       616525                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenamedOperands    226568053                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenameLookups    755427596                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus02.rename.int_rename_lookups    755427596                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus02.rename.CommittedMaps    196676427                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.UndoneMaps       29891621                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus02.rename.serializingInsts        40588                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.tempSerializingInsts        21257                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.skidInsts         4204214                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.insertedLoads     15214990                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.insertedStores      8238588                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.conflictingLoads        97056                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.conflictingStores      1887176                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqInstsAdded        162188169                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        40728                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqInstsIssued       154125191                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        21113                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     17778062                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     42414885                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         1742                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    265308400                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.580928                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.272081                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    200125018     75.43%     75.43% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     26771546     10.09%     85.52% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     13574442      5.12%     90.64% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::3     10256599      3.87%     94.50% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      8067715      3.04%     97.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      3264545      1.23%     98.78% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      2038293      0.77%     99.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::7      1070315      0.40%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       139927      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    265308400                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         29326     11.47%     11.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::MemRead        93893     36.74%     48.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       132349     51.79%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    129626922     84.10%     84.10% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      2297499      1.49%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        19330      0.01%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     13968950      9.06%     94.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      8212490      5.33%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::total    154125191                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.rate                 0.535714                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_busy_cnt            255568                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001658                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    573835463                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    180007586                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    151819853                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_alu_accesses    154380759                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       314776                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2438694                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          160                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          630                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       111035                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewSquashCycles      3947083                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewBlockCycles       1299240                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewUnblockCycles       137378                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    162229062                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        62456                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     15214990                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      8238588                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        21258                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewIQFullEvents       115926                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           20                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus02.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          630                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus02.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1346784                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus02.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1298756                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus02.iew.branchMispredicts      2645540                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecutedInsts    152004779                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     13143286                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      2120412                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_nop                 165                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_refs           21355462                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_branches       21605801                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_stores          8212176                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_rate           0.528344                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_sent            151820121                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_count           151819853                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_producers        87152609                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_consumers       234843535                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_rate             0.527701                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_fanout           0.371109                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitCommittedInsts    114650283                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitCommittedOps    141075080                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitSquashedInsts     21154018                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        38986                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus02.commit.branchMispredicts      2343801                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    261361317                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.539770                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.389339                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    203542011     77.88%     77.88% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     28636001     10.96%     88.83% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::2     10834986      4.15%     92.98% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      5165745      1.98%     94.96% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      4329516      1.66%     96.61% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      2494618      0.95%     97.57% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      2200392      0.84%     98.41% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       986018      0.38%     98.79% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      3172030      1.21%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    261361317                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committedInsts    114650283                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committedOps    141075080                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.refs             20903846                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.loads            12776293                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.membars             19450                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.branches         20343538                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.int_insts       127106515                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.function_calls      2904982                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.bw_lim_events      3172030                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus02.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus02.rob.rob_reads          420417605                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus02.rob.rob_writes         328405344                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus02.timesIdled               3457370                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus02.idleCycles              22391965                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus02.committedInsts         114650283                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.committedOps           141075080                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.committedInsts_total    114650283                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.cpi                     2.509373                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus02.cpi_total               2.509373                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus02.ipc                     0.398506                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus02.ipc_total               0.398506                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus02.int_regfile_reads      684156344                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus02.int_regfile_writes     211482097                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus02.misc_regfile_reads     150578146                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus02.misc_regfile_writes        38952                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus03.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus03.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.workload.num_syscalls                 30                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus03.numCycles              287700365                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus03.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus03.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.lookups       22338891                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.condPredicted     20156077                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      1168346                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      8509836                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBHits        7996935                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.usedRAS        1236407                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        51965                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.icacheStallCycles    236953388                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Insts            140546143                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Branches          22338891                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.predictedBranches      9233342                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Cycles            27796295                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.SquashCycles       3662657                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.BlockedCycles      5884299                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.CacheLines        13597291                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1174526                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::samples    273099004                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.603730                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.931150                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::0      245302709     89.82%     89.82% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::1         992228      0.36%     90.19% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::2        2033049      0.74%     90.93% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::3         852300      0.31%     91.24% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::4        4621464      1.69%     92.93% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::5        4112195      1.51%     94.44% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::6         799751      0.29%     94.73% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::7        1664866      0.61%     95.34% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::8       12720442      4.66%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::total    273099004                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.branchRate        0.077646                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rate              0.488516                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.decode.IdleCycles      235609966                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BlockedCycles      7241834                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus03.decode.RunCycles        27695039                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus03.decode.UnblockCycles        87594                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.decode.SquashCycles      2464566                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BranchResolved      1962148                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BranchMispred          456                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus03.decode.DecodedInsts    164802901                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus03.decode.SquashedInsts         2427                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus03.rename.SquashCycles      2464566                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.rename.IdleCycles      235849863                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus03.rename.BlockCycles       5268304                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus03.rename.serializeStallCycles      1221872                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RunCycles        27559688                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus03.rename.UnblockCycles       734706                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenamedInsts    164717179                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus03.rename.ROBFullEvents          167                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.IQFullEvents       313440                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.LSQFullEvents       266456                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.FullRegisterEvents         4847                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenamedOperands    193367063                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenameLookups    775872588                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus03.rename.int_rename_lookups    775872588                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus03.rename.CommittedMaps    171720660                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.UndoneMaps       21646403                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus03.rename.serializingInsts        19131                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.tempSerializingInsts         9656                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.skidInsts         1853863                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.insertedLoads     38882214                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.insertedStores     19676263                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.conflictingLoads       179287                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.conflictingStores       955607                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqInstsAdded        164403737                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        19191                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqInstsIssued       158155938                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        81059                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     12534220                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     29985921                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           93                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    273099004                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.579116                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.376520                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    216919765     79.43%     79.43% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     16806685      6.15%     85.58% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     13813448      5.06%     90.64% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      5967798      2.19%     92.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      7568120      2.77%     95.60% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      7329734      2.68%     98.28% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      4161411      1.52%     99.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       326997      0.12%     99.92% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       205046      0.08%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    273099004                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        399966     11.08%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::MemRead      3120642     86.42%     97.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        90203      2.50%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     99194384     62.72%     62.72% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      1381308      0.87%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         9474      0.01%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     37937291     23.99%     87.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite     19633481     12.41%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::total    158155938                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.rate                 0.549724                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_busy_cnt           3610811                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.022831                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    593102750                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    176961178                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    156814907                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_alu_accesses    161766749                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       285516                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      1474753                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          658                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         4039                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       116844                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads        14007                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewSquashCycles      2464566                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewBlockCycles       4848717                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewUnblockCycles       209518                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    164423038                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         1567                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     38882214                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispStoreInsts     19676263                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         9657                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewIQFullEvents       142934                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewLSQFullEvents          106                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus03.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         4039                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus03.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       682454                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus03.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       687803                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus03.iew.branchMispredicts      1370257                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecutedInsts    157055687                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     37809897                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1100251                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_nop                 110                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_refs           57441756                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_branches       20579272                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_stores         19631859                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_rate           0.545900                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_sent            156819653                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_count           156814907                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_producers        84683243                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_consumers       166785070                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_rate             0.545063                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_fanout           0.507739                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitCommittedInsts    127461607                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitCommittedOps    149789704                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitSquashedInsts     14648913                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        19098                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus03.commit.branchMispredicts      1194252                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    270634438                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.553476                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.377221                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    216339117     79.94%     79.94% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     19799235      7.32%     87.25% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      9290733      3.43%     90.69% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      9192672      3.40%     94.08% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      2499674      0.92%     95.01% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::5     10697038      3.95%     98.96% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       799119      0.30%     99.25% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       582413      0.22%     99.47% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      1434437      0.53%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    270634438                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committedInsts    127461607                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committedOps    149789704                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.refs             56966880                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.loads            37407461                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.membars              9534                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.branches         19780022                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.int_insts       133199623                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.function_calls      1450893                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.bw_lim_events      1434437                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus03.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus03.rob.rob_reads          433638228                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus03.rob.rob_writes         331342063                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus03.timesIdled               5193250                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus03.idleCycles              14601361                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus03.committedInsts         127461607                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.committedOps           149789704                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.committedInsts_total    127461607                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.cpi                     2.257153                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus03.cpi_total               2.257153                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus03.ipc                     0.443036                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus03.ipc_total               0.443036                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus03.int_regfile_reads      776492101                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus03.int_regfile_writes     182085203                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus03.misc_regfile_reads     196304292                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus03.misc_regfile_writes        19068                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus04.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus04.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.workload.num_syscalls                 58                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus04.numCycles              287700365                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus04.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus04.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.lookups       23272772                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.condPredicted     19029862                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      2269275                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      9838277                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBHits        9203130                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.usedRAS        2396613                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect       101431                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.icacheStallCycles    225973073                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Insts            131975111                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Branches          23272772                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.predictedBranches     11599743                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Cycles            27671596                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.SquashCycles       6559741                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.BlockedCycles      4013931                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           23                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.CacheLines        13889945                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.IcacheSquashes      2287120                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::samples    261899298                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.615821                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.966666                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::0      234227702     89.43%     89.43% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::1        1500042      0.57%     90.01% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::2        2371513      0.91%     90.91% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::3        3764190      1.44%     92.35% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::4        1574144      0.60%     92.95% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::5        1769326      0.68%     93.63% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::6        1857242      0.71%     94.34% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::7        1220264      0.47%     94.80% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::8       13614875      5.20%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::total    261899298                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.branchRate        0.080892                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rate              0.458724                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.decode.IdleCycles      223911197                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BlockedCycles      6092488                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus04.decode.RunCycles        27584633                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus04.decode.UnblockCycles        70792                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.decode.SquashCycles      4240186                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BranchResolved      3818547                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BranchMispred          490                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus04.decode.DecodedInsts    161183234                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus04.decode.SquashedInsts         3219                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus04.rename.SquashCycles      4240186                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.rename.IdleCycles      224239534                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus04.rename.BlockCycles       1981701                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus04.rename.serializeStallCycles      3143299                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RunCycles        27333318                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus04.rename.UnblockCycles       961258                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenamedInsts    161092492                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus04.rename.ROBFullEvents        31328                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.IQFullEvents       277851                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.LSQFullEvents       359068                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.FullRegisterEvents        46952                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenamedOperands    223647808                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenameLookups    749373185                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus04.rename.int_rename_lookups    749373185                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus04.rename.CommittedMaps    191285643                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.UndoneMaps       32362145                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus04.rename.serializingInsts        40963                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.tempSerializingInsts        22468                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.skidInsts         2895354                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.insertedLoads     15359601                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.insertedStores      8253338                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.conflictingLoads       249552                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.conflictingStores      1873880                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqInstsAdded        160875625                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        41072                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqInstsIssued       152409445                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       186763                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     20183276                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     44649542                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         3774                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    261899298                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.581939                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.273453                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    197622780     75.46%     75.46% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     25795597      9.85%     85.31% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     14119289      5.39%     90.70% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      9614593      3.67%     94.37% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      8990111      3.43%     97.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      2595514      0.99%     98.79% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      2006935      0.77%     99.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       683965      0.26%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       470514      0.18%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    261899298                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         35409     12.49%     12.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::MemRead       109534     38.65%     51.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       138476     48.86%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    127681250     83.78%     83.78% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      2406051      1.58%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        18491      0.01%     85.37% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.37% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.37% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.37% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     14088788      9.24%     94.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      8214865      5.39%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::total    152409445                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.rate                 0.529751                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_busy_cnt            283419                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001860                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    567188369                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    181101624                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    149977500                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_alu_accesses    152692864                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       463796                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2736000                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          406                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         1681                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       228972                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         9516                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewSquashCycles      4240186                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewBlockCycles       1311302                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewUnblockCycles       137582                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    160916855                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        43213                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     15359601                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      8253338                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        22442                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewIQFullEvents       101404                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           44                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus04.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         1681                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus04.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1328410                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus04.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1290683                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus04.iew.branchMispredicts      2619093                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecutedInsts    150258090                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     13257422                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      2151354                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_nop                 158                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_refs           21470356                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_branches       21148510                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_stores          8212934                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_rate           0.522273                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_sent            149978649                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_count           149977500                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_producers        87696402                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_consumers       229064631                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_rate             0.521298                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_fanout           0.382846                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitCommittedInsts    112356769                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitCommittedOps    137718655                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitSquashedInsts     23198404                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        37298                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus04.commit.branchMispredicts      2317441                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    257659112                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.534499                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.388182                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    201752543     78.30%     78.30% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     27072529     10.51%     88.81% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::2     10539671      4.09%     92.90% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      5682097      2.21%     95.11% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      4256900      1.65%     96.76% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      2372737      0.92%     97.68% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1461323      0.57%     98.25% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::7      1309226      0.51%     98.75% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      3212086      1.25%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    257659112                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committedInsts    112356769                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committedOps    137718655                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.refs             20647964                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.loads            12623598                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.membars             18608                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.branches         19768477                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.int_insts       124094744                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.function_calls      2797392                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.bw_lim_events      3212086                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus04.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus04.rob.rob_reads          415363331                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus04.rob.rob_writes         326074547                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus04.timesIdled               3643955                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus04.idleCycles              25801067                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus04.committedInsts         112356769                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.committedOps           137718655                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.committedInsts_total    112356769                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.cpi                     2.560597                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus04.cpi_total               2.560597                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus04.ipc                     0.390534                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus04.ipc_total               0.390534                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus04.int_regfile_reads      677623562                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus04.int_regfile_writes     207904321                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus04.misc_regfile_reads     150341003                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus04.misc_regfile_writes        37264                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus05.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus05.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.workload.num_syscalls                 58                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus05.numCycles              287700365                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus05.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus05.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.lookups       23265815                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.condPredicted     19023526                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      2272267                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      9800789                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBHits        9197588                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.usedRAS        2396878                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect       101484                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.icacheStallCycles    226021906                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Insts            131951848                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Branches          23265815                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.predictedBranches     11594466                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Cycles            27662705                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.SquashCycles       6567789                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.BlockedCycles      4011801                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           23                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.CacheLines        13893901                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.IcacheSquashes      2290137                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::samples    261942235                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.615632                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.966463                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::0      234279530     89.44%     89.44% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::1        1497102      0.57%     90.01% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::2        2367501      0.90%     90.91% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::3        3767219      1.44%     92.35% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::4        1570470      0.60%     92.95% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::5        1767620      0.67%     93.63% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::6        1857264      0.71%     94.34% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::7        1221640      0.47%     94.80% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::8       13613889      5.20%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::total    261942235                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.branchRate        0.080868                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rate              0.458643                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.decode.IdleCycles      223955037                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BlockedCycles      6094913                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus05.decode.RunCycles        27576606                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus05.decode.UnblockCycles        70364                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.decode.SquashCycles      4245313                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BranchResolved      3818154                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BranchMispred          489                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus05.decode.DecodedInsts    161163079                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus05.decode.SquashedInsts         3203                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus05.rename.SquashCycles      4245313                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.rename.IdleCycles      224283715                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus05.rename.BlockCycles       1975182                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus05.rename.serializeStallCycles      3144955                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RunCycles        27324870                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus05.rename.UnblockCycles       968198                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenamedInsts    161075213                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus05.rename.ROBFullEvents        32046                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.IQFullEvents       277530                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.LSQFullEvents       361377                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.FullRegisterEvents        49668                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenamedOperands    223629286                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenameLookups    749287533                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus05.rename.int_rename_lookups    749287533                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus05.rename.CommittedMaps    191241428                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.UndoneMaps       32387858                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus05.rename.serializingInsts        40928                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.tempSerializingInsts        22437                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.skidInsts         2905819                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.insertedLoads     15358650                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.insertedStores      8251464                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.conflictingLoads       249436                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.conflictingStores      1873789                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqInstsAdded        160865264                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        41046                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqInstsIssued       152397363                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       186994                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     20198343                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     44673898                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         3757                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    261942235                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.581798                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.273410                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    197672715     75.46%     75.46% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     25794740      9.85%     85.31% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     14117663      5.39%     90.70% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      9609520      3.67%     94.37% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      8989586      3.43%     97.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      2593992      0.99%     98.79% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      2008685      0.77%     99.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       684349      0.26%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       470985      0.18%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    261942235                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         35547     12.53%     12.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::MemRead       109698     38.67%     51.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       138438     48.80%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    127674178     83.78%     83.78% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      2405261      1.58%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        18487      0.01%     85.37% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.37% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.37% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.37% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     14086996      9.24%     94.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      8212441      5.39%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::total    152397363                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.rate                 0.529709                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_busy_cnt            283683                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001861                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    567207638                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    181106323                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    149957234                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_alu_accesses    152681046                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       461765                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2737968                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          380                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         1701                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       228944                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         9507                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewSquashCycles      4245313                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewBlockCycles       1310795                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewUnblockCycles       137106                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    160906457                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        27003                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     15358650                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      8251464                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        22420                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewIQFullEvents       101031                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           42                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus05.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         1701                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus05.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1330211                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus05.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1292127                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus05.iew.branchMispredicts      2622338                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecutedInsts    150237095                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     13252335                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      2160268                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_nop                 147                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_refs           21462826                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_branches       21144294                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_stores          8210491                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_rate           0.522200                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_sent            149958326                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_count           149957234                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_producers        87680847                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_consumers       229036550                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_rate             0.521227                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_fanout           0.382825                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitCommittedInsts    112330798                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitCommittedOps    137686812                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitSquashedInsts     23219893                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        37289                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus05.commit.branchMispredicts      2320356                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    257696922                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.534297                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.387966                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    201802097     78.31%     78.31% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     27068866     10.50%     88.81% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::2     10538325      4.09%     92.90% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      5677399      2.20%     95.11% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      4254815      1.65%     96.76% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      2373494      0.92%     97.68% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1462547      0.57%     98.25% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::7      1307945      0.51%     98.75% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      3211434      1.25%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    257696922                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committedInsts    112330798                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committedOps    137686812                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.refs             20643202                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.loads            12620682                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.membars             18604                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.branches         19763909                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.int_insts       124066057                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.function_calls      2796747                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.bw_lim_events      3211434                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus05.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus05.rob.rob_reads          415391439                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus05.rob.rob_writes         326058948                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus05.timesIdled               3646772                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus05.idleCycles              25758130                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus05.committedInsts         112330798                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.committedOps           137686812                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.committedInsts_total    112330798                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.cpi                     2.561189                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus05.cpi_total               2.561189                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus05.ipc                     0.390444                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus05.ipc_total               0.390444                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus05.int_regfile_reads      677523239                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus05.int_regfile_writes     207880175                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus05.misc_regfile_reads     150311550                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus05.misc_regfile_writes        37254                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus06.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus06.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.workload.num_syscalls                 58                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus06.numCycles              287700365                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus06.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus06.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.lookups       23262548                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.condPredicted     19022619                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      2271491                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      9846164                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBHits        9204074                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.usedRAS        2396335                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect       101544                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.icacheStallCycles    225971605                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Insts            131924477                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Branches          23262548                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.predictedBranches     11600409                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Cycles            27664698                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.SquashCycles       6562547                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.BlockedCycles      3998572                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           23                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.CacheLines        13891215                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.IcacheSquashes      2289292                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::samples    261876248                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.615647                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.966359                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::0      234211550     89.44%     89.44% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::1        1499191      0.57%     90.01% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::2        2374467      0.91%     90.92% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::3        3764388      1.44%     92.35% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::4        1573281      0.60%     92.95% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::5        1768418      0.68%     93.63% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::6        1857820      0.71%     94.34% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::7        1217280      0.46%     94.80% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::8       13609853      5.20%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::total    261876248                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.branchRate        0.080857                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rate              0.458548                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.decode.IdleCycles      223910241                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BlockedCycles      6076283                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus06.decode.RunCycles        27578593                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus06.decode.UnblockCycles        70263                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.decode.SquashCycles      4240866                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BranchResolved      3815704                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BranchMispred          485                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus06.decode.DecodedInsts    161125352                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus06.decode.SquashedInsts         3201                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus06.rename.SquashCycles      4240866                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.rename.IdleCycles      224238726                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus06.rename.BlockCycles       1977454                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus06.rename.serializeStallCycles      3129208                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RunCycles        27326812                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus06.rename.UnblockCycles       963180                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenamedInsts    161035389                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus06.rename.ROBFullEvents        32636                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.IQFullEvents       277123                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.LSQFullEvents       358731                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.FullRegisterEvents        50089                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenamedOperands    223576066                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenameLookups    749122128                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus06.rename.int_rename_lookups    749122128                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus06.rename.CommittedMaps    191211441                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.UndoneMaps       32364516                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus06.rename.serializingInsts        40877                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.tempSerializingInsts        22391                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.skidInsts         2890580                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.insertedLoads     15355580                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.insertedStores      8250516                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.conflictingLoads       249375                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.conflictingStores      1874120                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqInstsAdded        160816569                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        40998                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqInstsIssued       152356978                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       186486                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     20178213                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     44630252                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         3716                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    261876248                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.581790                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.273288                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    197614430     75.46%     75.46% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     25796581      9.85%     85.31% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     14114112      5.39%     90.70% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      9612540      3.67%     94.37% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      8984763      3.43%     97.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      2592955      0.99%     98.79% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      2005883      0.77%     99.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       684444      0.26%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       470540      0.18%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    261876248                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         35494     12.55%     12.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::MemRead       109006     38.55%     51.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       138271     48.90%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    127637846     83.78%     83.78% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      2404928      1.58%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        18484      0.01%     85.37% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.37% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.37% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.37% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     14083916      9.24%     94.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      8211804      5.39%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::total    152356978                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.rate                 0.529568                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_busy_cnt            282771                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001856                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    567059461                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    181037425                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    149922569                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_alu_accesses    152639749                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       461224                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2736848                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          375                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         1676                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       229237                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         9506                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewSquashCycles      4240866                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewBlockCycles       1309277                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewUnblockCycles       137389                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    160857717                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        47281                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     15355580                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      8250516                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        22375                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewIQFullEvents       101192                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           44                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus06.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         1676                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus06.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1331029                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus06.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1291020                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus06.iew.branchMispredicts      2622049                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecutedInsts    150202454                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     13250866                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      2154524                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_nop                 150                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_refs           21460700                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_branches       21139654                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_stores          8209834                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_rate           0.522079                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_sent            149923714                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_count           149922569                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_producers        87663271                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_consumers       228979576                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_rate             0.521107                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_fanout           0.382843                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitCommittedInsts    112313120                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitCommittedOps    137665259                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitSquashedInsts     23192671                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        37282                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus06.commit.branchMispredicts      2319579                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    257635382                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.534341                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.387957                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    201746413     78.31%     78.31% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     27066041     10.51%     88.81% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::2     10537503      4.09%     92.90% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      5677865      2.20%     95.11% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      4255393      1.65%     96.76% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      2372440      0.92%     97.68% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1461488      0.57%     98.25% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::7      1307995      0.51%     98.75% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      3210244      1.25%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    257635382                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committedInsts    112313120                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committedOps    137665259                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.refs             20639992                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.loads            12618720                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.membars             18600                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.branches         19760847                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.int_insts       124046615                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.function_calls      2796315                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.bw_lim_events      3210244                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus06.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus06.rob.rob_reads          415282314                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus06.rob.rob_writes         325957008                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus06.timesIdled               3645434                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus06.idleCycles              25824117                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus06.committedInsts         112313120                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.committedOps           137665259                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.committedInsts_total    112313120                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.cpi                     2.561592                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus06.cpi_total               2.561592                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus06.ipc                     0.390382                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus06.ipc_total               0.390382                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus06.int_regfile_reads      677374311                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus06.int_regfile_writes     207835211                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus06.misc_regfile_reads     150282506                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus06.misc_regfile_writes        37248                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus07.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus07.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.workload.num_syscalls                 30                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus07.numCycles              287700365                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus07.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus07.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.lookups       22317900                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.condPredicted     20137515                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      1176017                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      8981160                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBHits        7999642                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.usedRAS        1236767                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        52223                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.icacheStallCycles    236961561                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Insts            140403537                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Branches          22317900                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.predictedBranches      9236409                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Cycles            27780406                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.SquashCycles       3674014                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.BlockedCycles      5852859                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.CacheLines        13604486                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1182411                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::samples    273063203                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.603247                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.930173                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::0      245282797     89.83%     89.83% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::1         995726      0.36%     90.19% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::2        2025633      0.74%     90.93% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::3         858845      0.31%     91.25% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::4        4621521      1.69%     92.94% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::5        4113128      1.51%     94.45% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::6         807809      0.30%     94.74% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::7        1659463      0.61%     95.35% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::8       12698281      4.65%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::total    273063203                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.branchRate        0.077573                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rate              0.488020                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.decode.IdleCycles      235624319                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BlockedCycles      7204363                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus07.decode.RunCycles        27678767                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus07.decode.UnblockCycles        87827                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.decode.SquashCycles      2467922                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BranchResolved      1959410                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BranchMispred          455                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus07.decode.DecodedInsts    164648954                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus07.decode.SquashedInsts         2441                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus07.rename.SquashCycles      2467922                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.rename.IdleCycles      235862732                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus07.rename.BlockCycles       5233846                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus07.rename.serializeStallCycles      1218728                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RunCycles        27544748                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus07.rename.UnblockCycles       735222                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenamedInsts    164563290                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus07.rename.ROBFullEvents          170                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.IQFullEvents       313405                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.LSQFullEvents       264826                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.FullRegisterEvents         8280                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenamedOperands    193196815                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenameLookups    775150264                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus07.rename.int_rename_lookups    775150264                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus07.rename.CommittedMaps    171527513                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.UndoneMaps       21669267                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus07.rename.serializingInsts        19139                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.tempSerializingInsts         9673                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.skidInsts         1849755                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.insertedLoads     38857803                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.insertedStores     19658666                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.conflictingLoads       179312                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.conflictingStores       952303                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqInstsAdded        164245288                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        19199                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqInstsIssued       158040503                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        81647                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     12507759                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     29765312                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          121                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    273063203                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.578769                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.375957                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    216891927     79.43%     79.43% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     16834027      6.16%     85.59% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     13808211      5.06%     90.65% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      5960753      2.18%     92.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      7557985      2.77%     95.60% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      7322258      2.68%     98.28% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      4156008      1.52%     99.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       327755      0.12%     99.93% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       204279      0.07%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    273063203                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        399968     11.09%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::MemRead      3117696     86.41%     97.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        90331      2.50%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     99133181     62.73%     62.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      1378130      0.87%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         9463      0.01%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     37905278     23.98%     87.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite     19614451     12.41%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::total    158040503                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.rate                 0.549323                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_busy_cnt           3607995                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.022830                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    592833849                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    176776281                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    156692276                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_alu_accesses    161648498                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       285504                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      1490611                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          680                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         4041                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       120379                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads        13992                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewSquashCycles      2467922                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewBlockCycles       4812084                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewUnblockCycles       208355                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    164264592                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         1572                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     38857803                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispStoreInsts     19658666                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         9675                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewIQFullEvents       141945                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewLSQFullEvents          147                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus07.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         4041                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus07.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       691571                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus07.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       686762                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus07.iew.branchMispredicts      1378333                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecutedInsts    156933180                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     37776377                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1107321                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_nop                 105                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_refs           57388865                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_branches       20560018                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_stores         19612488                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_rate           0.545474                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_sent            156696923                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_count           156692276                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_producers        84621938                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_consumers       166672858                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_rate             0.544637                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_fanout           0.507713                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitCommittedInsts    127320143                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitCommittedOps    149623003                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitSquashedInsts     14657057                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        19078                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus07.commit.branchMispredicts      1202226                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    270595281                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.552940                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.376531                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    216351987     79.95%     79.95% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     19783128      7.31%     87.27% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      9286181      3.43%     90.70% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      9178347      3.39%     94.09% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      2499445      0.92%     95.01% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::5     10685166      3.95%     98.96% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       798883      0.30%     99.26% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       581588      0.21%     99.47% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      1430556      0.53%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    270595281                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committedInsts    127320143                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committedOps    149623003                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.refs             56905475                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.loads            37367188                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.membars              9524                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.branches         19757878                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.int_insts       133051307                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.function_calls      1449185                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.bw_lim_events      1430556                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus07.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus07.rob.rob_reads          433444395                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus07.rob.rob_writes         331028331                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus07.timesIdled               5199466                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus07.idleCycles              14637162                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus07.committedInsts         127320143                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.committedOps           149623003                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.committedInsts_total    127320143                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.cpi                     2.259661                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus07.cpi_total               2.259661                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus07.ipc                     0.442544                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus07.ipc_total               0.442544                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus07.int_regfile_reads      775900331                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus07.int_regfile_writes     181951475                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus07.misc_regfile_reads     196110326                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus07.misc_regfile_writes        19048                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus08.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus08.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.workload.num_syscalls                 60                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus08.numCycles              287700365                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus08.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus08.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.lookups       23711817                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.condPredicted     19402077                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      2309563                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      9800946                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBHits        9336614                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.usedRAS        2446948                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect       105084                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.icacheStallCycles    228094463                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Insts            132598387                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Branches          23711817                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.predictedBranches     11783562                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Cycles            27678977                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.SquashCycles       6311020                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.BlockedCycles      5537823                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           24                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.CacheLines        13953116                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.IcacheSquashes      2311994                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::samples    265282655                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.613802                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.956241                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::0      237603678     89.57%     89.57% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::1        1292617      0.49%     90.05% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::2        2049136      0.77%     90.83% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::3        2772124      1.04%     91.87% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::4        2857701      1.08%     92.95% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::5        2415198      0.91%     93.86% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::6        1359122      0.51%     94.37% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::7        2002428      0.75%     95.13% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::8       12930651      4.87%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::total    265282655                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.branchRate        0.082418                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rate              0.460891                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.decode.IdleCycles      225772504                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BlockedCycles      7879479                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus08.decode.RunCycles        27628895                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus08.decode.UnblockCycles        30787                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.decode.SquashCycles      3970989                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BranchResolved      3903123                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BranchMispred          381                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus08.decode.DecodedInsts    162708515                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus08.decode.SquashedInsts         1996                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus08.rename.SquashCycles      3970989                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.rename.IdleCycles      226394702                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus08.rename.BlockCycles       1614105                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus08.rename.serializeStallCycles      4844001                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RunCycles        27045106                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus08.rename.UnblockCycles      1413749                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenamedInsts    162649793                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus08.rename.ROBFullEvents          189                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.IQFullEvents       193656                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.LSQFullEvents       615876                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenamedOperands    226919059                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenameLookups    756711645                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus08.rename.int_rename_lookups    756711645                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus08.rename.CommittedMaps    196701402                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.UndoneMaps       30217647                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus08.rename.serializingInsts        40142                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.tempSerializingInsts        20808                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.skidInsts         4199335                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.insertedLoads     15223061                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.insertedStores      8249675                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.conflictingLoads        96858                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.conflictingStores      1947906                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqInstsAdded        162446837                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        40283                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqInstsIssued       154226391                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        21038                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     18029259                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     43210890                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         1293                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    265282655                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.581366                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.272363                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    200038543     75.41%     75.41% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     26816398     10.11%     85.51% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     13576622      5.12%     90.63% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::3     10264358      3.87%     94.50% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      8070263      3.04%     97.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      3268897      1.23%     98.78% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      2036847      0.77%     99.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::7      1068760      0.40%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       141967      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    265282655                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         28980     11.25%     11.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::MemRead        95664     37.15%     48.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       132887     51.60%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    129707931     84.10%     84.10% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      2306497      1.50%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        19332      0.01%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     13968815      9.06%     94.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      8223816      5.33%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::total    154226391                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.rate                 0.536066                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_busy_cnt            257531                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001670                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    574014006                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    180516999                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    151930626                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_alu_accesses    154483922                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       316797                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2445130                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          139                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          621                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       121094                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewSquashCycles      3970989                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewBlockCycles       1293388                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewUnblockCycles       137463                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    162487289                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        66088                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     15223061                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      8249675                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        20809                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewIQFullEvents       115910                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            8                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus08.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          621                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus08.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1340895                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus08.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1301982                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus08.iew.branchMispredicts      2642877                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecutedInsts    152116307                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     13147448                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      2110084                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_nop                 169                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_refs           21370969                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_branches       21614268                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_stores          8223521                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_rate           0.528732                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_sent            151930853                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_count           151930626                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_producers        87220236                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_consumers       235051797                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_rate             0.528086                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_fanout           0.371068                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitCommittedInsts    114664818                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitCommittedOps    141093017                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitSquashedInsts     21394309                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        38990                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus08.commit.branchMispredicts      2338848                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    261311666                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.539942                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.388997                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    203448947     77.86%     77.86% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     28676723     10.97%     88.83% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::2     10831488      4.15%     92.98% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      5165256      1.98%     94.95% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      4353796      1.67%     96.62% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      2493220      0.95%     97.57% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      2187107      0.84%     98.41% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       987408      0.38%     98.79% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      3167721      1.21%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    261311666                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committedInsts    114664818                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committedOps    141093017                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.refs             20906512                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.loads            12777931                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.membars             19452                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.branches         20346127                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.int_insts       127122698                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.function_calls      2905363                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.bw_lim_events      3167721                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus08.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus08.rob.rob_reads          420630491                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus08.rob.rob_writes         328945704                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus08.timesIdled               3453009                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus08.idleCycles              22417710                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus08.committedInsts         114664818                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.committedOps           141093017                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.committedInsts_total    114664818                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.cpi                     2.509055                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus08.cpi_total               2.509055                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus08.ipc                     0.398556                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus08.ipc_total               0.398556                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus08.int_regfile_reads      684632160                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus08.int_regfile_writes     211625772                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus08.misc_regfile_reads     150830524                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus08.misc_regfile_writes        38956                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus09.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus09.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.workload.num_syscalls                 58                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus09.numCycles              287700365                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus09.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus09.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.lookups       23380453                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.condPredicted     19174919                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      2289704                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      9600626                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBHits        9127908                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.usedRAS        2396084                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect       102455                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.icacheStallCycles    222970052                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Insts            132885074                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Branches          23380453                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.predictedBranches     11523992                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Cycles            29228599                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.SquashCycles       6514555                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.BlockedCycles      7448301                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.CacheLines        13737278                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.IcacheSquashes      2271803                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::samples    263836610                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.615859                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.967227                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::0      234608011     88.92%     88.92% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::1        3168491      1.20%     90.12% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::2        3672695      1.39%     91.51% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::3        2012050      0.76%     92.28% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::4        2313349      0.88%     93.15% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::5        1271557      0.48%     93.64% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::6         866279      0.33%     93.96% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::7        2266161      0.86%     94.82% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::8       13658017      5.18%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::total    263836610                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.branchRate        0.081267                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rate              0.461887                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.decode.IdleCycles      221160111                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BlockedCycles      9292737                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus09.decode.RunCycles        28982386                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus09.decode.UnblockCycles       232959                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.decode.SquashCycles      4168413                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BranchResolved      3794337                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BranchMispred        21246                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus09.decode.DecodedInsts    162226021                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus09.decode.SquashedInsts       104524                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus09.rename.SquashCycles      4168413                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.rename.IdleCycles      221515133                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus09.rename.BlockCycles       3393125                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus09.rename.serializeStallCycles      4903017                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RunCycles        28875058                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus09.rename.UnblockCycles       981860                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenamedInsts    162127048                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus09.rename.ROBFullEvents          280                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.IQFullEvents       253631                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.LSQFullEvents       456786                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.FullRegisterEvents            1                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenamedOperands    225315223                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenameLookups    754879582                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus09.rename.int_rename_lookups    754879582                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus09.rename.CommittedMaps    192278083                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.UndoneMaps       33037129                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus09.rename.serializingInsts        42075                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.tempSerializingInsts        23328                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.skidInsts         2612379                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.insertedLoads     15474223                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.insertedStores      8427858                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.conflictingLoads       221163                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.conflictingStores      1866391                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqInstsAdded        161885952                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        42130                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqInstsIssued       152931845                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       214267                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     20326349                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     47057001                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         4365                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    263836610                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.579646                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.269253                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    199410362     75.58%     75.58% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     25905426      9.82%     85.40% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     13918213      5.28%     90.68% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      9645433      3.66%     94.33% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      8428989      3.19%     97.53% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      4310230      1.63%     99.16% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      1043865      0.40%     99.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       669338      0.25%     99.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       504754      0.19%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    263836610                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         40557     12.23%     12.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::MemRead       142654     43.03%     55.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       148290     44.73%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    128017527     83.71%     83.71% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      2392732      1.56%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        18725      0.01%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     14135574      9.24%     94.53% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      8367287      5.47%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::total    152931845                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.rate                 0.531566                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_busy_cnt            331501                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002168                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    570246068                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    182255873                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    150386420                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_alu_accesses    153263346                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       384780                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2734971                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          982                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         1445                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       186411                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         9365                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewSquashCycles      4168413                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewBlockCycles       2826100                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewUnblockCycles       169759                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    161928218                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        60375                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     15474223                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      8427858                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        23268                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewIQFullEvents       119419                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            2                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus09.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         1445                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus09.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1326084                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus09.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1287145                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus09.iew.branchMispredicts      2613229                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecutedInsts    150670339                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     13271763                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      2261506                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_nop                 136                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_refs           21637050                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_branches       21082102                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_stores          8365287                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_rate           0.523706                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_sent            150388906                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_count           150386420                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_producers        89383715                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_consumers       234168875                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_rate             0.522719                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_fanout           0.381706                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitCommittedInsts    112910405                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitCommittedOps    138527051                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitSquashedInsts     23402698                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        37765                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus09.commit.branchMispredicts      2302724                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    259668197                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.533477                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.352602                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    203084216     78.21%     78.21% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     26241064     10.11%     88.31% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::2     10996398      4.23%     92.55% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      6602988      2.54%     95.09% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      4575692      1.76%     96.85% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      2952728      1.14%     97.99% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1534374      0.59%     98.58% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::7      1234321      0.48%     99.06% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2446416      0.94%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    259668197                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committedInsts    112910405                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committedOps    138527051                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.refs             20980699                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.loads            12739252                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.membars             18842                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.branches         19826807                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.int_insts       124886408                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.function_calls      2818334                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.bw_lim_events      2446416                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus09.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus09.rob.rob_reads          419150776                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus09.rob.rob_writes         328028002                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus09.timesIdled               3416388                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus09.idleCycles              23863755                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus09.committedInsts         112910405                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.committedOps           138527051                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.committedInsts_total    112910405                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.cpi                     2.548041                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus09.cpi_total               2.548041                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus09.ipc                     0.392458                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus09.ipc_total               0.392458                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus09.int_regfile_reads      679631400                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus09.int_regfile_writes     208721832                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus09.misc_regfile_reads     151380291                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus09.misc_regfile_writes        37730                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus10.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus10.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.workload.num_syscalls                 30                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus10.numCycles              287700365                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus10.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus10.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.lookups       22347335                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.condPredicted     20163612                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      1170146                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      8443207                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBHits        7993772                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.usedRAS        1237450                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        51991                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.icacheStallCycles    236978218                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Insts            140594156                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Branches          22347335                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.predictedBranches      9231222                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Cycles            27804483                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.SquashCycles       3671934                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.BlockedCycles      5873070                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.CacheLines        13600734                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1175748                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::samples    273128277                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.603876                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.931404                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::0      245323794     89.82%     89.82% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::1         992431      0.36%     90.18% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::2        2031632      0.74%     90.93% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::3         855239      0.31%     91.24% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::4        4622092      1.69%     92.93% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::5        4113458      1.51%     94.44% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::6         796374      0.29%     94.73% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::7        1665818      0.61%     95.34% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::8       12727439      4.66%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::total    273128277                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.branchRate        0.077676                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rate              0.488683                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.decode.IdleCycles      235638862                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BlockedCycles      7226763                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus10.decode.RunCycles        27703036                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus10.decode.UnblockCycles        87559                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.decode.SquashCycles      2472052                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BranchResolved      1962521                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BranchMispred          455                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus10.decode.DecodedInsts    164859191                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus10.decode.SquashedInsts         2450                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus10.rename.SquashCycles      2472052                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.rename.IdleCycles      235879819                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus10.rename.BlockCycles       5253681                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus10.rename.serializeStallCycles      1221659                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RunCycles        27566839                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus10.rename.UnblockCycles       734222                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenamedInsts    164771505                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus10.rename.ROBFullEvents          152                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.IQFullEvents       312695                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.LSQFullEvents       266564                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.FullRegisterEvents         4601                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenamedOperands    193436096                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenameLookups    776115183                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus10.rename.int_rename_lookups    776115183                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus10.rename.CommittedMaps    171723811                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.UndoneMaps       21712235                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus10.rename.serializingInsts        19753                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.tempSerializingInsts        10277                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.skidInsts         1857462                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.insertedLoads     38888599                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.insertedStores     19677359                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.conflictingLoads       179067                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.conflictingStores       951918                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqInstsAdded        164457369                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        19814                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqInstsIssued       158182816                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        82106                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     12587017                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     30123915                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          715                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    273128277                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.579152                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.376595                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    216941704     79.43%     79.43% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     16809900      6.15%     85.58% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     13812314      5.06%     90.64% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      5967778      2.18%     92.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      7570553      2.77%     95.60% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      7331810      2.68%     98.28% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      4160786      1.52%     99.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       328480      0.12%     99.92% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       204952      0.08%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    273128277                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        400783     11.10%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::MemRead      3120964     86.41%     97.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        90222      2.50%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     99217187     62.72%     62.72% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      1381756      0.87%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         9474      0.01%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     37940223     23.99%     87.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite     19634176     12.41%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::total    158182816                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.rate                 0.549818                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_busy_cnt           3611969                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.022834                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    593187984                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    177068235                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    156835001                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_alu_accesses    161794785                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       285352                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      1480889                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          642                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         4042                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       117791                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads        14011                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewSquashCycles      2472052                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewBlockCycles       4836191                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewUnblockCycles       208962                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    164477292                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         1537                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     38888599                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispStoreInsts     19677359                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        10279                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewIQFullEvents       142593                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           98                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus10.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         4042                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus10.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       682946                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus10.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       690599                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus10.iew.branchMispredicts      1373545                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecutedInsts    157078117                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     37812715                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1104699                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_nop                 109                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_refs           57445345                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_branches       20581268                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_stores         19632630                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_rate           0.545978                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_sent            156839873                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_count           156835001                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_producers        84697091                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_consumers       166824610                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_rate             0.545133                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_fanout           0.507701                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitCommittedInsts    127463559                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitCommittedOps    149792093                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitSquashedInsts     14700903                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        19099                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus10.commit.branchMispredicts      1196017                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    270656225                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.553440                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.377165                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    216357960     79.94%     79.94% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     19800865      7.32%     87.25% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      9291592      3.43%     90.69% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      9195239      3.40%     94.08% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      2498276      0.92%     95.01% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::5     10696342      3.95%     98.96% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       799118      0.30%     99.25% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       581859      0.21%     99.47% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      1434974      0.53%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    270656225                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committedInsts    127463559                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committedOps    149792093                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.refs             56967273                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.loads            37407705                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.membars              9534                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.branches         19780358                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.int_insts       133201807                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.function_calls      1450952                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.bw_lim_events      1434974                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus10.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus10.rob.rob_reads          433713857                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus10.rob.rob_writes         331458335                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus10.timesIdled               5195111                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus10.idleCycles              14572088                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus10.committedInsts         127463559                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.committedOps           149792093                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.committedInsts_total    127463559                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.cpi                     2.257119                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus10.cpi_total               2.257119                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus10.ipc                     0.443043                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus10.ipc_total               0.443043                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus10.int_regfile_reads      776584207                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus10.int_regfile_writes     182112709                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus10.misc_regfile_reads     196353640                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus10.misc_regfile_writes        19070                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus11.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus11.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.workload.num_syscalls                 63                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus11.numCycles              287700365                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus11.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus11.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.lookups       26029069                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.condPredicted     21675048                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      2367540                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBLookups     10042801                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBHits        9536170                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.usedRAS        2798339                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect       110202                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.icacheStallCycles    226617078                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Insts            142853179                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Branches          26029069                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.predictedBranches     12334509                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Cycles            29773451                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.SquashCycles       6574598                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.BlockedCycles      7889125                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.CacheLines        14070053                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.IcacheSquashes      2262602                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::samples    268465191                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.653750                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.028518                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::0      238691740     88.91%     88.91% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::1        1826810      0.68%     89.59% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::2        2309102      0.86%     90.45% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::3        3664928      1.37%     91.82% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::4        1530212      0.57%     92.39% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::5        1973608      0.74%     93.12% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::6        2309117      0.86%     93.98% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::7        1051739      0.39%     94.37% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::8       15107935      5.63%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::total    268465191                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.branchRate        0.090473                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rate              0.496535                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.decode.IdleCycles      225283217                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BlockedCycles      9351916                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus11.decode.RunCycles        29630131                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus11.decode.UnblockCycles        15161                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.decode.SquashCycles      4184761                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BranchResolved      3958467                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BranchMispred          776                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus11.decode.DecodedInsts    174560127                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus11.decode.SquashedInsts         3436                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus11.rename.SquashCycles      4184761                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.rename.IdleCycles      225513514                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus11.rename.BlockCycles        732983                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus11.rename.serializeStallCycles      7977333                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RunCycles        29415204                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus11.rename.UnblockCycles       641386                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenamedInsts    173482428                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus11.rename.ROBFullEvents          168                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.IQFullEvents        91964                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.LSQFullEvents       447623                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenamedOperands    242301652                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenameLookups    806751264                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus11.rename.int_rename_lookups    806751264                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus11.rename.CommittedMaps    202950119                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.UndoneMaps       39351533                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus11.rename.serializingInsts        42131                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.tempSerializingInsts        22025                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.skidInsts         2253654                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.insertedLoads     16223714                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.insertedStores      8499168                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.conflictingLoads        99691                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.conflictingStores      1980985                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqInstsAdded        169381549                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        42285                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqInstsIssued       162591039                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       159402                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     20390807                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     41344128                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         1729                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    268465191                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.605632                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.326283                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    199545661     74.33%     74.33% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     31417991     11.70%     86.03% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     12906176      4.81%     90.84% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      7196167      2.68%     93.52% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      9729907      3.62%     97.14% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      3000290      1.12%     98.26% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      2955561      1.10%     99.36% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::7      1589753      0.59%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       123685      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    268465191                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntAlu       1120435     79.25%     79.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntMult            1      0.00%     79.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     79.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     79.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::MemRead       149059     10.54%     89.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       144340     10.21%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    136965243     84.24%     84.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      2227345      1.37%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        20105      0.01%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     14907267      9.17%     94.79% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      8471079      5.21%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::total    162591039                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.rate                 0.565140                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_busy_cnt           1413835                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.008696                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    595220506                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    189815536                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    158372126                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_alu_accesses    164004874                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       121531                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      3017205                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           62                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          900                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       112954                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked           44                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewSquashCycles      4184761                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewBlockCycles        557180                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewUnblockCycles        70494                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    169423839                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts       132877                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     16223714                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      8499168                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        22025                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewIQFullEvents        61356                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           76                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus11.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          900                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus11.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1405465                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus11.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1324618                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus11.iew.branchMispredicts      2730083                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecutedInsts    159765374                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     14668594                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      2825665                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_nop                   5                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_refs           23138809                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_branches       22589483                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_stores          8470215                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_rate           0.555319                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_sent            158372676                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_count           158372126                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_producers        94904949                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_consumers       254814244                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_rate             0.550476                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_fanout           0.372448                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitCommittedInsts    118097994                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitCommittedOps    145521107                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitSquashedInsts     23903413                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        40556                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus11.commit.branchMispredicts      2387610                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    264280430                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.550631                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.371164                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    202704039     76.70%     76.70% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     31200716     11.81%     88.51% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::2     11323459      4.28%     92.79% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      5654806      2.14%     94.93% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      5157953      1.95%     96.88% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      2173533      0.82%     97.70% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      2147078      0.81%     98.52% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::7      1023658      0.39%     98.90% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2895188      1.10%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    264280430                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committedInsts    118097994                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committedOps    145521107                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.refs             21592723                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.loads            13206509                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.membars             20232                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.branches         21086977                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.int_insts       131016842                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.function_calls      3002601                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.bw_lim_events      2895188                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus11.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus11.rob.rob_reads          430808943                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus11.rob.rob_writes         343033838                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus11.timesIdled               3433914                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus11.idleCycles              19235174                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus11.committedInsts         118097994                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.committedOps           145521107                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.committedInsts_total    118097994                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.cpi                     2.436116                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus11.cpi_total               2.436116                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus11.ipc                     0.410490                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus11.ipc_total               0.410490                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus11.int_regfile_reads      718959776                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus11.int_regfile_writes     221271811                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus11.misc_regfile_reads     161517730                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus11.misc_regfile_writes        40522                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus12.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus12.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.workload.num_syscalls                 63                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus12.numCycles              287700365                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus12.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus12.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.lookups       26028285                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.condPredicted     21672607                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      2366687                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBLookups     10024687                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBHits        9538343                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.usedRAS        2798446                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect       110466                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.icacheStallCycles    226606804                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Insts            142842218                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Branches          26028285                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.predictedBranches     12336789                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Cycles            29772547                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.SquashCycles       6573078                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.BlockedCycles      7928759                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.CacheLines        14069513                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.IcacheSquashes      2261798                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::samples    268493011                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.653658                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.028385                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::0      238720464     88.91%     88.91% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::1        1826764      0.68%     89.59% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::2        2308155      0.86%     90.45% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::3        3665623      1.37%     91.82% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::4        1531450      0.57%     92.39% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::5        1973854      0.74%     93.12% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::6        2306642      0.86%     93.98% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::7        1052729      0.39%     94.37% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::8       15107330      5.63%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::total    268493011                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.branchRate        0.090470                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rate              0.496496                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.decode.IdleCycles      225273689                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BlockedCycles      9390570                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus12.decode.RunCycles        29629304                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus12.decode.UnblockCycles        15320                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.decode.SquashCycles      4184123                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BranchResolved      3960174                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BranchMispred          781                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus12.decode.DecodedInsts    174554613                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus12.decode.SquashedInsts         3810                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus12.rename.SquashCycles      4184123                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.rename.IdleCycles      225503784                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus12.rename.BlockCycles        732716                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus12.rename.serializeStallCycles      8015640                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RunCycles        29414822                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus12.rename.UnblockCycles       641916                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenamedInsts    173478297                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus12.rename.ROBFullEvents          182                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.IQFullEvents        92378                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.LSQFullEvents       448194                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenamedOperands    242281955                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenameLookups    806728470                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus12.rename.int_rename_lookups    806728470                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus12.rename.CommittedMaps    202932987                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.UndoneMaps       39348951                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus12.rename.serializingInsts        42056                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.tempSerializingInsts        21951                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.skidInsts         2253581                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.insertedLoads     16226037                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.insertedStores      8501284                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.conflictingLoads        99748                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.conflictingStores      1982040                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqInstsAdded        169387649                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        42208                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqInstsIssued       162592958                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       160302                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     20394114                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     41370317                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         1656                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    268493011                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.605576                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.326206                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    199573435     74.33%     74.33% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     31414768     11.70%     86.03% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     12907860      4.81%     90.84% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      7197197      2.68%     93.52% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      9731109      3.62%     97.14% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      3003258      1.12%     98.26% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      2951535      1.10%     99.36% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::7      1589849      0.59%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       124000      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    268493011                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntAlu       1119769     79.21%     79.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntMult            1      0.00%     79.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     79.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     79.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::MemRead       149540     10.58%     89.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       144345     10.21%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    136963978     84.24%     84.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      2227305      1.37%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        20104      0.01%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     14907918      9.17%     94.79% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      8473653      5.21%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::total    162592958                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.rate                 0.565147                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_busy_cnt           1413655                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.008694                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    595252883                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    189824865                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    158373826                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_alu_accesses    164006613                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       121414                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      3020626                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           64                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          903                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       115772                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked           41                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewSquashCycles      4184123                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewBlockCycles        556832                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewUnblockCycles        70367                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    169429861                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts       132465                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     16226037                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      8501284                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        21952                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewIQFullEvents        61168                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           68                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus12.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          903                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus12.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1405546                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus12.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1323995                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus12.iew.branchMispredicts      2729541                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecutedInsts    159768686                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     14669664                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      2824271                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_nop                   4                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_refs           23142662                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_branches       22590336                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_stores          8472998                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_rate           0.555330                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_sent            158374246                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_count           158373826                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_producers        94898781                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_consumers       254800523                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_rate             0.550482                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_fanout           0.372443                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitCommittedInsts    118088018                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitCommittedOps    145508817                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitSquashedInsts     23921692                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        40552                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus12.commit.branchMispredicts      2386727                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    264308888                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.550526                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.371043                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    202736165     76.70%     76.70% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     31198899     11.80%     88.51% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::2     11323887      4.28%     92.79% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      5655382      2.14%     94.93% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      5156381      1.95%     96.88% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      2172588      0.82%     97.71% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      2146755      0.81%     98.52% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::7      1023644      0.39%     98.90% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2895187      1.10%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    264308888                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committedInsts    118088018                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committedOps    145508817                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.refs             21590923                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.loads            13205411                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.membars             20230                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.branches         21085204                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.int_insts       131005760                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.function_calls      3002342                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.bw_lim_events      2895187                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus12.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus12.rob.rob_reads          430843391                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus12.rob.rob_writes         343045185                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus12.timesIdled               3433081                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus12.idleCycles              19207354                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus12.committedInsts         118088018                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.committedOps           145508817                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.committedInsts_total    118088018                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.cpi                     2.436321                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus12.cpi_total               2.436321                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus12.ipc                     0.410455                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus12.ipc_total               0.410455                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus12.int_regfile_reads      718965284                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus12.int_regfile_writes     221266181                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus12.misc_regfile_reads     161509110                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus12.misc_regfile_writes        40518                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus13.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus13.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.workload.num_syscalls                 30                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus13.numCycles              287700365                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus13.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus13.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.lookups       22341712                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.condPredicted     20158273                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      1169062                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      8457065                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBHits        7995347                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.usedRAS        1236825                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        51998                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.icacheStallCycles    236920690                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Insts            140556025                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Branches          22341712                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.predictedBranches      9232172                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Cycles            27798399                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.SquashCycles       3669361                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.BlockedCycles      5895364                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.CacheLines        13596746                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1175189                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::samples    273085493                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.603802                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.931262                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::0      245287094     89.82%     89.82% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::1         992995      0.36%     90.18% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::2        2032187      0.74%     90.93% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::3         852930      0.31%     91.24% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::4        4623459      1.69%     92.93% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::5        4110363      1.51%     94.44% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::6         799672      0.29%     94.73% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::7        1664503      0.61%     95.34% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::8       12722290      4.66%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::total    273085493                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.branchRate        0.077656                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rate              0.488550                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.decode.IdleCycles      235578696                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BlockedCycles      7251558                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus13.decode.RunCycles        27697227                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus13.decode.UnblockCycles        87424                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.decode.SquashCycles      2470583                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BranchResolved      1962818                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BranchMispred          457                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus13.decode.DecodedInsts    164813592                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus13.decode.SquashedInsts         2447                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus13.rename.SquashCycles      2470583                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.rename.IdleCycles      235818779                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus13.rename.BlockCycles       5286639                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus13.rename.serializeStallCycles      1214035                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RunCycles        27561602                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus13.rename.UnblockCycles       733850                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenamedInsts    164728453                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus13.rename.ROBFullEvents          159                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.IQFullEvents       312217                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.LSQFullEvents       266375                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.FullRegisterEvents         4961                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenamedOperands    193377321                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenameLookups    775914739                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus13.rename.int_rename_lookups    775914739                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus13.rename.CommittedMaps    171681044                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.UndoneMaps       21696277                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus13.rename.serializingInsts        19132                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.tempSerializingInsts         9658                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.skidInsts         1852996                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.insertedLoads     38878872                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.insertedStores     19672494                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.conflictingLoads       179136                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.conflictingStores       954391                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqInstsAdded        164411835                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        19192                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqInstsIssued       158141324                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        82282                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     12574459                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     30101477                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           98                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    273085493                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.579091                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.376544                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    216915952     79.43%     79.43% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     16802778      6.15%     85.58% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     13808178      5.06%     90.64% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      5965717      2.18%     92.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      7569835      2.77%     95.60% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      7330113      2.68%     98.28% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      4160180      1.52%     99.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       327866      0.12%     99.92% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       204874      0.08%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    273085493                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        400296     11.09%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::MemRead      3120227     86.42%     97.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        90202      2.50%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     99190601     62.72%     62.72% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      1381334      0.87%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         9472      0.01%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     37930114     23.98%     87.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite     19629803     12.41%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::total    158141324                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.rate                 0.549674                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_busy_cnt           3610725                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.022832                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    593061148                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    177009527                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    156796098                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_alu_accesses    161752049                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       285054                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      1479530                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          639                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         4048                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       117337                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads        14003                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewSquashCycles      2470583                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewBlockCycles       4868253                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewUnblockCycles       210054                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    164431127                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         1688                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     38878872                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispStoreInsts     19672494                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         9660                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewIQFullEvents       143658                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewLSQFullEvents          118                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus13.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         4048                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus13.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       681971                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus13.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       689251                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus13.iew.branchMispredicts      1371222                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecutedInsts    157038354                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     37802162                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1102970                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_nop                 100                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_refs           57430382                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_branches       20575007                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_stores         19628220                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_rate           0.545840                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_sent            156800858                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_count           156796098                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_producers        84672194                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_consumers       166774584                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_rate             0.544998                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_fanout           0.507704                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitCommittedInsts    127432715                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitCommittedOps    149755652                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitSquashedInsts     14691831                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        19094                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus13.commit.branchMispredicts      1194937                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    270614910                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.553390                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.377137                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    216332427     79.94%     79.94% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     19793708      7.31%     87.26% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      9288584      3.43%     90.69% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      9191808      3.40%     94.08% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      2498966      0.92%     95.01% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::5     10694470      3.95%     98.96% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       798228      0.29%     99.25% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       581982      0.22%     99.47% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      1434737      0.53%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    270614910                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committedInsts    127432715                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committedOps    149755652                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.refs             56954499                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.loads            37399342                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.membars              9532                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.branches         19775485                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.int_insts       133169338                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.function_calls      1450543                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.bw_lim_events      1434737                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus13.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus13.rob.rob_reads          433627266                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus13.rob.rob_writes         331365801                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus13.timesIdled               5193294                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus13.idleCycles              14614872                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus13.committedInsts         127432715                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.committedOps           149755652                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.committedInsts_total    127432715                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.cpi                     2.257665                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus13.cpi_total               2.257665                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus13.ipc                     0.442936                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus13.ipc_total               0.442936                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus13.int_regfile_reads      776393507                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus13.int_regfile_writes     182064689                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus13.misc_regfile_reads     196301675                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus13.misc_regfile_writes        19064                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus14.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus14.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.workload.num_syscalls                 30                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus14.numCycles              287700365                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus14.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus14.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.lookups       22341854                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.condPredicted     20160597                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      1168635                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      8416260                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBHits        7992369                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.usedRAS        1236568                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        51754                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.icacheStallCycles    236979259                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Insts            140563601                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Branches          22341854                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.predictedBranches      9228937                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Cycles            27801791                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.SquashCycles       3664560                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.BlockedCycles      5876542                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.CacheLines        13599081                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1174876                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::samples    273124290                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.603764                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.931181                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::0      245322499     89.82%     89.82% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::1         993872      0.36%     90.18% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::2        2029164      0.74%     90.93% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::3         858509      0.31%     91.24% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::4        4622781      1.69%     92.93% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::5        4111840      1.51%     94.44% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::6         798661      0.29%     94.73% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::7        1663077      0.61%     95.34% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::8       12723887      4.66%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::total    273124290                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.branchRate        0.077657                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rate              0.488576                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.decode.IdleCycles      235639692                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BlockedCycles      7230219                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus14.decode.RunCycles        27700319                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus14.decode.UnblockCycles        87808                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.decode.SquashCycles      2466247                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BranchResolved      1960640                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BranchMispred          452                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus14.decode.DecodedInsts    164827713                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus14.decode.SquashedInsts         2404                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus14.rename.SquashCycles      2466247                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.rename.IdleCycles      235878584                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus14.rename.BlockCycles       5264775                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus14.rename.serializeStallCycles      1215538                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RunCycles        27566444                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus14.rename.UnblockCycles       732697                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenamedInsts    164742128                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus14.rename.ROBFullEvents          138                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.IQFullEvents       313341                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.LSQFullEvents       265200                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.FullRegisterEvents         5097                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenamedOperands    193395004                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenameLookups    775988134                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus14.rename.int_rename_lookups    775988134                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus14.rename.CommittedMaps    171734405                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.UndoneMaps       21660587                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus14.rename.serializingInsts        19122                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.tempSerializingInsts         9646                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.skidInsts         1845544                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.insertedLoads     38891354                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.insertedStores     19676736                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.conflictingLoads       179035                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.conflictingStores       952380                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqInstsAdded        164422861                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        19182                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqInstsIssued       158165224                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        81346                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     12543242                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     30048331                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           84                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    273124290                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.579096                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.376502                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    216941306     79.43%     79.43% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     16809813      6.15%     85.58% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     13810824      5.06%     90.64% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      5970470      2.19%     92.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      7567634      2.77%     95.60% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      7331202      2.68%     98.28% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      4160414      1.52%     99.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       327693      0.12%     99.92% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       204934      0.08%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    273124290                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        400204     11.08%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::MemRead      3121201     86.42%     97.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        90228      2.50%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     99197240     62.72%     62.72% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      1381455      0.87%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         9474      0.01%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     37942941     23.99%     87.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite     19634114     12.41%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::total    158165224                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.rate                 0.549757                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_busy_cnt           3611633                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.022835                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    593147717                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    176989318                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    156819716                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_alu_accesses    161776857                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       284978                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      1479158                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          632                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         4044                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       114933                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads        14005                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewSquashCycles      2466247                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewBlockCycles       4847372                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewUnblockCycles       209039                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    164442131                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         1542                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     38891354                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispStoreInsts     19676736                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         9648                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewIQFullEvents       142400                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           90                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus14.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         4044                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus14.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       682606                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus14.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       688244                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus14.iew.branchMispredicts      1370850                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecutedInsts    157062028                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     37814958                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1103196                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_nop                  88                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_refs           57447528                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_branches       20578829                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_stores         19632570                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_rate           0.545922                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_sent            156824619                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_count           156819716                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_producers        84687576                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_consumers       166789192                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_rate             0.545080                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_fanout           0.507752                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitCommittedInsts    127473623                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitCommittedOps    149803501                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitSquashedInsts     14654322                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        19098                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus14.commit.branchMispredicts      1194486                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    270658043                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.553479                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.377227                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    216357373     79.94%     79.94% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     19801204      7.32%     87.25% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      9291926      3.43%     90.69% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      9194079      3.40%     94.08% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      2499614      0.92%     95.01% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::5     10697851      3.95%     98.96% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       798629      0.30%     99.25% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       582213      0.22%     99.47% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      1435154      0.53%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    270658043                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committedInsts    127473623                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committedOps    149803501                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.refs             56973992                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.loads            37412189                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.membars              9534                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.branches         19781762                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.int_insts       133211816                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.function_calls      1450954                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.bw_lim_events      1435154                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus14.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus14.rob.rob_reads          433680322                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus14.rob.rob_writes         331382180                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus14.timesIdled               5194769                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus14.idleCycles              14576075                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus14.committedInsts         127473623                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.committedOps           149803501                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.committedInsts_total    127473623                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.cpi                     2.256940                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus14.cpi_total               2.256940                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus14.ipc                     0.443078                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus14.ipc_total               0.443078                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus14.int_regfile_reads      776526855                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus14.int_regfile_writes     182090141                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus14.misc_regfile_reads     196326144                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus14.misc_regfile_writes        19068                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus15.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus15.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.workload.num_syscalls                 58                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus15.numCycles              287700365                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus15.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus15.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.lookups       23258120                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.condPredicted     19018496                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      2271541                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      9814612                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBHits        9199398                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.usedRAS        2396018                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect       101292                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.icacheStallCycles    225974516                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Insts            131900152                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Branches          23258120                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.predictedBranches     11595416                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Cycles            27652618                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.SquashCycles       6561111                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.BlockedCycles      4013666                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           23                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.CacheLines        13890923                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.IcacheSquashes      2289642                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::samples    261880702                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.615524                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.966202                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::0      234228084     89.44%     89.44% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::1        1494085      0.57%     90.01% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::2        2367694      0.90%     90.92% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::3        3763486      1.44%     92.35% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::4        1575059      0.60%     92.95% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::5        1767740      0.68%     93.63% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::6        1858689      0.71%     94.34% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::7        1224167      0.47%     94.81% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::8       13601698      5.19%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::total    261880702                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.branchRate        0.080841                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rate              0.458464                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.decode.IdleCycles      223912119                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BlockedCycles      6092578                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus15.decode.RunCycles        27566070                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus15.decode.UnblockCycles        70541                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.decode.SquashCycles      4239392                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BranchResolved      3815337                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BranchMispred          488                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus15.decode.DecodedInsts    161094996                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus15.decode.SquashedInsts         3213                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus15.rename.SquashCycles      4239392                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.rename.IdleCycles      224235390                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus15.rename.BlockCycles       1983707                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus15.rename.serializeStallCycles      3143127                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RunCycles        27319642                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus15.rename.UnblockCycles       959442                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenamedInsts    161008851                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus15.rename.ROBFullEvents        31287                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.IQFullEvents       278171                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.LSQFullEvents       358038                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.FullRegisterEvents        46683                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenamedOperands    223542926                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenameLookups    748976944                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus15.rename.int_rename_lookups    748976944                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus15.rename.CommittedMaps    191212424                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.UndoneMaps       32330502                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus15.rename.serializingInsts        40921                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.tempSerializingInsts        22435                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.skidInsts         2888648                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.insertedLoads     15349800                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.insertedStores      8249439                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.conflictingLoads       249738                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.conflictingStores      1872964                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqInstsAdded        160803571                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        41043                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqInstsIssued       152351840                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       186321                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     20156867                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     44573926                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         3760                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    261880702                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.581760                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.273254                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    197621591     75.46%     75.46% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     25795279      9.85%     85.31% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     14113055      5.39%     90.70% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      9611187      3.67%     94.37% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      8985499      3.43%     97.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      2594144      0.99%     98.79% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      2005725      0.77%     99.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       683952      0.26%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       470270      0.18%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    261880702                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         35462     12.54%     12.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::MemRead       109062     38.56%     51.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       138324     48.90%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    127635539     83.78%     83.78% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      2404999      1.58%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        18484      0.01%     85.37% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.37% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.37% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.37% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     14081717      9.24%     94.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      8211101      5.39%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::total    152351840                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.rate                 0.529550                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_busy_cnt            282848                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001857                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    567053551                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    181003118                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    149921410                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_alu_accesses    152634688                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       462560                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2731019                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          391                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         1670                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       228124                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         9500                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewSquashCycles      4239392                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewBlockCycles       1316592                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewUnblockCycles       137809                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    160844770                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        10834                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     15349800                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      8249439                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        22418                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewIQFullEvents       101561                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           41                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus15.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         1670                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus15.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1332372                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus15.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1289917                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus15.iew.branchMispredicts      2622289                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecutedInsts    150199966                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     13250758                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      2151874                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_nop                 156                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_refs           21459976                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_branches       21139975                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_stores          8209218                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_rate           0.522071                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_sent            149922482                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_count           149921410                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_producers        87658921                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_consumers       228967722                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_rate             0.521103                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_fanout           0.382844                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitCommittedInsts    112313696                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitCommittedOps    137665970                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitSquashedInsts     23179029                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        37283                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus15.commit.branchMispredicts      2319622                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    257641310                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.534332                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.387962                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    201752792     78.31%     78.31% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     27065774     10.51%     88.81% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::2     10536889      4.09%     92.90% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      5678708      2.20%     95.11% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      4254779      1.65%     96.76% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      2372231      0.92%     97.68% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1461308      0.57%     98.25% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::7      1308457      0.51%     98.75% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      3210372      1.25%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    257641310                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committedInsts    112313696                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committedOps    137665970                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.refs             20640096                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.loads            12618781                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.membars             18600                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.branches         19760937                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.int_insts       124047267                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.function_calls      2796332                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.bw_lim_events      3210372                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus15.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus15.rob.rob_reads          415275183                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus15.rob.rob_writes         325929602                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus15.timesIdled               3645479                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus15.idleCycles              25819663                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus15.committedInsts         112313696                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.committedOps           137665970                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.committedInsts_total    112313696                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.cpi                     2.561579                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus15.cpi_total               2.561579                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus15.ipc                     0.390384                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus15.ipc_total               0.390384                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus15.int_regfile_reads      677361643                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus15.int_regfile_writes     207830327                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus15.misc_regfile_reads     150258712                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus15.misc_regfile_writes        37250                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.l2.replacements                         457739                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tagsinuse                      32763.042710                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.total_refs                          2759782                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.sampled_refs                         490505                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.avg_refs                           5.626410                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.warmup_cycle                              0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.occ_blocks::writebacks           163.675465                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.inst     2.107680                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.data  1447.672207                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.inst     2.012938                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.data  1552.310074                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.inst     2.444091                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.data  1145.602782                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.inst     1.988179                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.data  2361.412534                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.inst     2.263059                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.data  1856.201950                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.inst     2.490852                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.data  1871.510786                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.inst     3.175969                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.data  1878.929044                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.inst     2.225976                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.data  2376.173614                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.inst     3.299025                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.data  1141.500552                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.inst     2.188415                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.data  1575.192226                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.inst     2.311279                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.data  2351.778665                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.inst     2.304610                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.data   921.368632                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.inst     2.323947                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.data   918.975329                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.inst     2.069137                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.data  2360.184481                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.inst     2.036607                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.data  2358.899958                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.inst     2.102073                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.data  1867.167258                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu00.data           259.504800                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu01.data           303.487685                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu02.data           242.201974                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu03.data           297.532534                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu04.data           305.795458                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu05.data           314.283324                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu06.data           308.119304                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu07.data           299.070828                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu08.data           237.430971                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu09.data           302.826209                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu10.data           317.414725                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu11.data           240.999397                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu12.data           240.151261                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu13.data           303.410878                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu14.data           306.906351                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu15.data           298.007615                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_percent::writebacks            0.004995                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000064                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.data     0.044179                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000061                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.data     0.047373                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000075                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.data     0.034961                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000061                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.data     0.072065                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000069                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.data     0.056647                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000076                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.data     0.057114                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000097                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.data     0.057340                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000068                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.data     0.072515                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000101                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.data     0.034836                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000067                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.data     0.048071                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000071                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.data     0.071771                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000070                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.data     0.028118                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000071                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.data     0.028045                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000063                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.data     0.072027                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000062                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.data     0.071988                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000064                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.data     0.056981                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu00.data            0.007919                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu01.data            0.009262                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu02.data            0.007391                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu03.data            0.009080                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu04.data            0.009332                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu05.data            0.009591                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu06.data            0.009403                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu07.data            0.009127                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu08.data            0.007246                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu09.data            0.009242                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu10.data            0.009687                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu11.data            0.007355                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu12.data            0.007329                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu13.data            0.009259                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu14.data            0.009366                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu15.data            0.009094                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::total                 0.999849                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data        39550                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data        39839                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            3                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data        29745                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data        54512                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data        47338                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data        47619                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data        47254                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data        54831                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data        29570                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data        39971                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data        54901                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            3                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data        28376                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            3                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data        28325                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data        54495                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data        54774                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data        47305                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::total                  698428                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.Writeback_hits::writebacks           210639                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.Writeback_hits::total                210639                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data           64                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data          174                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data          169                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data           89                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data          143                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data          150                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data          143                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data           88                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data          165                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data          174                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data           84                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data          246                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data          243                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data           82                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data           89                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data          150                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                  2253                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.data        39614                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.data        40013                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            3                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.data        29914                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.data        54601                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.data        47481                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.data        47769                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.data        47397                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.data        54919                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.data        29735                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.data        40145                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.data        54985                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            3                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.data        28622                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            3                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.data        28568                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.data        54577                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.data        54863                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.data        47455                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                   700681                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.data        39614                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.data        40013                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            3                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.data        29914                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.data        54601                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.data        47481                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.data        47769                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.data        47397                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.data        54919                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.data        29735                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.data        40145                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.data        54985                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            3                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.data        28622                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            3                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.data        28568                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.data        54577                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.data        54863                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.data        47455                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                  700681                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data        22806                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data        23313                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data        16807                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data        38134                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data        34603                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data        34309                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data        34614                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data        37611                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data        16990                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data        23345                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data        37705                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           42                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data        13019                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data        13045                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data        38119                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data        37866                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data        34587                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::total                457497                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data           19                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data            2                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data            9                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data            9                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data            2                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data            2                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data            6                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data           17                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data           18                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data            8                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data            2                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total                  97                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.data        22825                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.data        23315                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.data        16807                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.data        38135                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.data        34612                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.data        34310                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.data        34623                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.data        37613                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.data        16990                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.data        23347                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.data        37711                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           42                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.data        13036                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.data        13063                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.data        38127                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.data        37867                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.data        34589                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                 457594                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           35                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.data        22825                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           38                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.data        23315                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           41                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.data        16807                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           38                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.data        38135                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           38                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.data        34612                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           39                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.data        34310                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           38                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.data        34623                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           39                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.data        37613                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           41                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.data        16990                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           39                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.data        23347                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           38                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.data        37711                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           42                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.data        13036                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           41                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.data        13063                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           41                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.data        38127                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           38                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.data        37867                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           38                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.data        34589                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                457594                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      5465212                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   3784351084                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      6252324                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   3920736890                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      6865914                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   2795044159                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      6288677                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   6327136343                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      6170383                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   5777248619                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      6155652                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   5742139544                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      6334368                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   5783026663                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      6197111                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   6243996612                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      6828611                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   2825315789                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      6606706                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   3918019571                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      6228866                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   6253599336                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      6773749                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   2181322903                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      6568797                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   2187335548                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      7058751                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   6334130855                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      6553311                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   6275881717                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      6161013                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   5788255000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     76240050078                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data      3032112                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data       298098                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data       166800                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data      1376765                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data       172800                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data      1467315                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data       326770                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data       289379                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data       937406                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data      2946735                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data      3006351                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data      1392979                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data       168335                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data       315524                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total      15897369                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      5465212                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   3787383196                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      6252324                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   3921034988                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      6865914                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   2795044159                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      6288677                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   6327303143                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      6170383                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   5778625384                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      6155652                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   5742312344                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      6334368                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   5784493978                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      6197111                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   6244323382                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      6828611                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   2825315789                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      6606706                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   3918308950                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      6228866                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   6254536742                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      6773749                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   2184269638                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      6568797                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   2190341899                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      7058751                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   6335523834                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      6553311                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   6276050052                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      6161013                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   5788570524                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total      76255947447                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      5465212                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   3787383196                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      6252324                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   3921034988                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      6865914                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   2795044159                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      6288677                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   6327303143                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      6170383                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   5778625384                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      6155652                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   5742312344                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      6334368                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   5784493978                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      6197111                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   6244323382                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      6828611                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   2825315789                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      6606706                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   3918308950                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      6228866                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   6254536742                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      6773749                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   2184269638                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      6568797                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   2190341899                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      7058751                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   6335523834                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      6553311                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   6276050052                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      6161013                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   5788570524                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total     76255947447                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data        62356                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data        63152                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           44                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data        46552                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data        92646                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data        81941                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data        81928                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data        81868                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data        92442                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           43                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data        46560                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data        63316                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data        92606                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           45                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data        41395                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           44                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data        41370                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           42                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data        92614                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data        92640                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data        81892                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::total             1155925                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::writebacks       210639                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::total            210639                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data           83                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data          176                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data          169                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data           90                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data          152                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data          151                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data          152                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data           90                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data          165                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data          176                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data           90                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data          263                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data          261                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data           90                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data           90                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data          152                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total              2350                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.data        62439                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.data        63328                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           44                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.data        46721                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.data        92736                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.data        82093                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.data        82079                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.data        82020                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.data        92532                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           43                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.data        46725                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.data        63492                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.data        92696                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           45                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.data        41658                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           44                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.data        41631                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           42                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.data        92704                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.data        92730                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.data        82044                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total              1158275                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           36                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.data        62439                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           39                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.data        63328                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           44                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.data        46721                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           39                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.data        92736                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           39                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.data        82093                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           40                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.data        82079                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           39                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.data        82020                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           40                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.data        92532                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           43                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.data        46725                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           40                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.data        63492                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           39                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.data        92696                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           45                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.data        41658                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           44                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.data        41631                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           42                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.data        92704                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           39                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.data        92730                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           39                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.data        82044                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total             1158275                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.972222                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.365739                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.974359                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.369157                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.931818                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.361037                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.974359                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.411610                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.974359                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.422292                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.975000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.418770                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.974359                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.422803                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.975000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.406861                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.953488                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.364905                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.975000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.368706                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.974359                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.407155                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.933333                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.314507                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.931818                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.315325                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.976190                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.411590                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.974359                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.408744                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.974359                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.422349                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::total           0.395784                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.228916                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.011364                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.011111                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.059211                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.006623                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.059211                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.022222                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.011364                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.066667                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.064639                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.068966                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.088889                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.011111                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.013158                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.041277                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.972222                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.365557                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.974359                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.368163                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.931818                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.359731                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.974359                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.411221                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.974359                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.421619                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.975000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.418012                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.974359                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.422129                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.975000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.406486                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.953488                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.363617                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.975000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.367716                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.974359                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.406824                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.933333                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.312929                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.931818                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.313781                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.976190                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.411277                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.974359                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.408358                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.974359                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.421591                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.395065                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.972222                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.365557                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.974359                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.368163                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.931818                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.359731                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.974359                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.411221                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.974359                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.421619                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.975000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.418012                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.974359                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.422129                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.975000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.406486                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.953488                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.363617                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.975000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.367716                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.974359                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.406824                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.933333                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.312929                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.931818                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.313781                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.976190                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.411277                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.974359                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.408358                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.974359                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.421591                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.395065                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 156148.914286                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 165936.643164                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 164534.842105                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 168178.136233                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 167461.317073                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 166302.383471                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 165491.500000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 165918.506923                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 162378.500000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 166958.027310                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 157837.230769                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 167365.401032                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 166693.894737                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 167071.897585                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 158900.282051                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 166015.171413                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 166551.487805                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 166292.865745                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 169402.717949                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 167831.208867                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 163917.526316                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 165855.969659                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 161279.738095                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 167549.189876                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 160214.560976                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 167676.163128                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 172164.658537                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 166167.288098                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 172455.552632                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 165739.230893                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 162131.921053                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 167353.485414                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 166646.010964                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 159584.842105                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data       149049                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data       166800                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 152973.888889                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data       172800                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data       163035                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data       163385                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 144689.500000                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 156234.333333                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 173337.352941                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 167019.500000                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 174122.375000                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data       168335                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data       157762                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 163890.402062                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 156148.914286                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 165931.355794                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 164534.842105                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 168176.495303                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 167461.317073                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 166302.383471                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 165491.500000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 165918.530038                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 162378.500000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 166954.391078                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 157837.230769                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 167365.559429                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 166693.894737                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 167070.848222                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 158900.282051                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 166015.031558                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 166551.487805                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 166292.865745                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 169402.717949                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 167829.226453                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 163917.526316                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 165854.438811                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 161279.738095                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 167556.738110                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 160214.560976                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 167675.258287                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 172164.658537                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 166168.957274                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 172455.552632                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 165739.299443                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 162131.921053                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 167352.930816                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 166645.426835                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 156148.914286                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 165931.355794                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 164534.842105                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 168176.495303                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 167461.317073                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 166302.383471                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 165491.500000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 165918.530038                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 162378.500000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 166954.391078                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 157837.230769                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 167365.559429                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 166693.894737                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 167070.848222                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 158900.282051                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 166015.031558                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 166551.487805                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 166292.865745                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 169402.717949                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 167829.226453                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 163917.526316                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 165854.438811                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 161279.738095                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 167556.738110                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 160214.560976                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 167675.258287                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 172164.658537                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 166168.957274                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 172455.552632                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 165739.299443                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 162131.921053                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 167352.930816                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 166645.426835                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.fast_writes                               0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2.cache_copies                              0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks               105776                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                    105776                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data        22806                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data        23313                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data        16807                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data        38134                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data        34603                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data        34309                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data        34614                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data        37611                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data        16990                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data        23345                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data        37705                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           42                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data        13019                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data        13045                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data        38119                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data        37866                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data        34587                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           457497                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data           19                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data            2                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data            9                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data            9                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data            2                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data            2                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data            6                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data           17                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data           18                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data            8                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data            2                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total             97                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data        22825                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data        23315                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data        16807                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data        38135                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data        34612                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data        34310                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data        34623                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data        37613                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data        16990                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data        23347                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data        37711                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           42                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data        13036                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data        13063                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data        38127                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data        37867                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data        34589                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total            457594                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data        22825                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data        23315                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           41                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data        16807                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data        38135                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data        34612                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data        34310                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data        34623                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data        37613                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           41                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data        16990                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data        23347                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data        37711                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           42                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data        13036                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           41                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data        13063                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           41                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data        38127                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data        37867                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data        34589                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total           457594                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      3427886                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   2456115543                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      4041560                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   2563245490                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      4479796                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   1816456101                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      4078500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   4108018786                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      3960008                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   3762711671                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      3880949                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   3744461691                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      4121009                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   3767887318                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      3929685                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   4055138292                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      4445560                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   1836073252                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      4337765                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   2558651130                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      4020174                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   4059292772                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      4333048                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   1423388235                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      4181122                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   1427867628                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      4677405                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   4115551934                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      4342086                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   4072336612                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      3952398                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   3774555084                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  49607960490                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data      1923840                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data       181400                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data       109000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data       851109                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data       115000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data       944097                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data       210141                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data       172720                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data       587803                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data      1956764                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data      1958649                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data       927349                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data       110535                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data       198574                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     10246981                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      3427886                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   2458039383                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      4041560                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   2563426890                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      4479796                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   1816456101                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      4078500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   4108127786                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      3960008                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   3763562780                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      3880949                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   3744576691                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      4121009                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   3768831415                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      3929685                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   4055348433                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      4445560                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   1836073252                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      4337765                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   2558823850                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      4020174                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   4059880575                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      4333048                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   1425344999                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      4181122                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   1429826277                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      4677405                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   4116479283                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      4342086                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   4072447147                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      3952398                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   3774753658                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  49618207471                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      3427886                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   2458039383                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      4041560                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   2563426890                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      4479796                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   1816456101                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      4078500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   4108127786                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      3960008                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   3763562780                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      3880949                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   3744576691                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      4121009                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   3768831415                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      3929685                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   4055348433                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      4445560                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   1836073252                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      4337765                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   2558823850                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      4020174                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   4059880575                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      4333048                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   1425344999                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      4181122                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   1429826277                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      4677405                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   4116479283                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      4342086                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   4072447147                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      3952398                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   3774753658                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  49618207471                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.365739                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.974359                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.369157                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.931818                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.361037                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.974359                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.411610                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.974359                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.422292                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.975000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.418770                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.974359                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.422803                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.975000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.406861                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.953488                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.364905                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.975000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.368706                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.974359                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.407155                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.933333                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.314507                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.931818                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.315325                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.976190                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.411590                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.974359                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.408744                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.974359                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.422349                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.395784                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.228916                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.011364                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.011111                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.059211                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.006623                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.059211                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.022222                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.011364                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.066667                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.064639                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.068966                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.088889                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.011111                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.013158                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.041277                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.365557                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.974359                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.368163                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.931818                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.359731                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.974359                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.411221                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.974359                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.421619                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.975000                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.418012                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.974359                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.422129                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.975000                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.406486                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.953488                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.363617                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.975000                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.367716                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.974359                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.406824                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.933333                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.312929                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.931818                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.313781                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.976190                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.411277                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.974359                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.408358                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.974359                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.421591                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.395065                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.365557                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.974359                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.368163                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.931818                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.359731                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.974359                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.411221                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.974359                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.421619                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.975000                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.418012                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.974359                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.422129                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.975000                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.406486                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.953488                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.363617                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.975000                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.367716                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.974359                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.406824                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.933333                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.312929                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.931818                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.313781                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.976190                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.411277                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.974359                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.408358                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.974359                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.421591                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.395065                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 97939.600000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 107696.024862                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 106356.842105                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 109949.191009                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 109263.317073                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 108077.354733                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 107328.947368                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 107725.882048                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 104210.736842                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 108739.463948                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 99511.512821                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 109139.342184                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 108447.605263                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 108854.432253                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 100761.153846                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 107817.880195                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 108428.292683                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 108067.878281                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 111224.743590                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 109601.676162                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 105794.052632                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 107659.269911                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 103167.809524                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 109331.610339                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 101978.585366                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 109457.081487                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 114083.048780                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 107965.894541                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 114265.421053                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 107545.994084                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 104010.473684                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 109132.190823                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 108433.411563                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 101254.736842                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data        90700                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data       109000                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 94567.666667                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data       115000                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 104899.666667                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 105070.500000                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data        86360                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 97967.166667                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 115103.764706                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 108813.833333                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 115918.625000                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data       110535                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data        99287                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 105638.979381                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 97939.600000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 107690.663001                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 106356.842105                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 109947.539781                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 109263.317073                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 108077.354733                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 107328.947368                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 107725.915458                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 104210.736842                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 108735.778921                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 99511.512821                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 109139.512999                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 108447.605263                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 108853.404240                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 100761.153846                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 107817.734108                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 108428.292683                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 108067.878281                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 111224.743590                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 109599.685184                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 105794.052632                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 107657.727851                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 103167.809524                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 109339.137696                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 101978.585366                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 109456.195131                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 114083.048780                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 107967.563223                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 114265.421053                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 107546.073019                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 104010.473684                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 109131.621556                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 108432.819204                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 97939.600000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 107690.663001                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 106356.842105                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 109947.539781                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 109263.317073                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 108077.354733                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 107328.947368                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 107725.915458                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 104210.736842                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 108735.778921                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 99511.512821                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 109139.512999                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 108447.605263                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 108853.404240                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 100761.153846                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 107817.734108                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 108428.292683                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 108067.878281                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 111224.743590                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 109599.685184                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 105794.052632                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 107657.727851                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 103167.809524                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 109339.137696                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 101978.585366                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 109456.195131                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 114083.048780                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 107967.563223                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 114265.421053                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 107546.073019                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 104010.473684                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 109131.621556                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 108432.819204                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.no_allocate_misses                        0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu00.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu00.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu00.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu00.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu00.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu00.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu00.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu00.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu00.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu00.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu00.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu00.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu00.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu00.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu00.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu00.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu00.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu00.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu00.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu00.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu00.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu00.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu00.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu00.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu00.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu00.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu00.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu00.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu00.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu00.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu00.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu00.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu00.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu00.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu00.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu00.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu00.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu00.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu00.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu00.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu00.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu00.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu00.icache.replacements                    2                       # number of replacements
system.cpu00.icache.tagsinuse              559.698712                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu00.icache.total_refs             1013976171                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.sampled_refs                  563                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.avg_refs             1801023.394316                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu00.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.inst    34.593091                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.icache.occ_blocks::cpu00.inst   525.105621                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.inst     0.055438                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::cpu00.inst     0.841515                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::total       0.896953                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.inst     13943902                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      13943902                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.inst     13943902                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_hits::total       13943902                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.inst     13943902                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_hits::total      13943902                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           43                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           43                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           43                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_misses::total           43                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           43                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_misses::total           43                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      7017055                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      7017055                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      7017055                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      7017055                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      7017055                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      7017055                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst     13943945                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     13943945                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst     13943945                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_accesses::total     13943945                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst     13943945                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_accesses::total     13943945                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000003                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000003                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000003                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 163187.325581                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 163187.325581                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 163187.325581                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 163187.325581                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 163187.325581                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 163187.325581                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu00.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            7                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            7                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            7                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      5934313                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5934313                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      5934313                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      5934313                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      5934313                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      5934313                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 164842.027778                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 164842.027778                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 164842.027778                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 164842.027778                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 164842.027778                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 164842.027778                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu00.dcache.replacements                62439                       # number of replacements
system.cpu00.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu00.dcache.total_refs              243205692                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.sampled_refs                62695                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_refs              3879.188005                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.data   200.109487                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu00.data    55.890513                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.data     0.781678                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::cpu00.data     0.218322                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data     20496283                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      20496283                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data      3946815                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      3946815                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data         9324                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         9324                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data         9258                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         9258                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.data     24443098                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_hits::total       24443098                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.data     24443098                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_hits::total      24443098                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data       216727                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       216727                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data          408                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          408                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.data       217135                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_misses::total       217135                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.data       217135                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_misses::total       217135                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data  25248952397                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  25248952397                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data     49506736                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     49506736                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data  25298459133                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  25298459133                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data  25298459133                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  25298459133                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data     20713010                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     20713010                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data      3947223                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      3947223                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data         9324                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         9324                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data         9258                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         9258                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.data     24660233                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_accesses::total     24660233                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.data     24660233                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_accesses::total     24660233                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.010463                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010463                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.000103                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000103                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.008805                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008805                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.008805                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008805                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 116501.185348                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 116501.185348                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 121340.039216                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 121340.039216                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 116510.277629                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 116510.277629                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 116510.277629                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 116510.277629                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu00.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu00.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         7495                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu00.dcache.writebacks::total            7495                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data       154371                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       154371                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data          325                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          325                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data       154696                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       154696                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data       154696                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       154696                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data        62356                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        62356                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data           83                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           83                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data        62439                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        62439                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data        62439                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        62439                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   6698243898                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   6698243898                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data      7499483                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      7499483                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   6705743381                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   6705743381                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   6705743381                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   6705743381                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.003010                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003010                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.002532                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002532                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.002532                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002532                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 107419.396658                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 107419.396658                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 90355.216867                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 90355.216867                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 107396.713288                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 107396.713288                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 107396.713288                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 107396.713288                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu01.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu01.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu01.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu01.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu01.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu01.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu01.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu01.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu01.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu01.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu01.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu01.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu01.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu01.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu01.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu01.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu01.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu01.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu01.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu01.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu01.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu01.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu01.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu01.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu01.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu01.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu01.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu01.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu01.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu01.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu01.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu01.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu01.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu01.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu01.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu01.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu01.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu01.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu01.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu01.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu01.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu01.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu01.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu01.icache.tagsinuse              519.593362                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu01.icache.total_refs             1088402222                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.sampled_refs                  521                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.avg_refs             2089063.765835                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu01.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.inst    37.593362                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.icache.occ_blocks::cpu01.inst          482                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.inst     0.060246                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::cpu01.inst     0.772436                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::total       0.832682                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.inst     13734395                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      13734395                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.inst     13734395                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_hits::total       13734395                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.inst     13734395                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_hits::total      13734395                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           48                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           48                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           48                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_misses::total           48                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           48                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_misses::total           48                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      7967332                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      7967332                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      7967332                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      7967332                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      7967332                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      7967332                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst     13734443                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     13734443                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst     13734443                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_accesses::total     13734443                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst     13734443                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_accesses::total     13734443                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000003                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000003                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000003                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 165986.083333                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 165986.083333                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 165986.083333                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 165986.083333                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 165986.083333                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 165986.083333                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu01.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            9                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      6761891                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6761891                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      6761891                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      6761891                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      6761891                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      6761891                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 173381.820513                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 173381.820513                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 173381.820513                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 173381.820513                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 173381.820513                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 173381.820513                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu01.dcache.replacements                63328                       # number of replacements
system.cpu01.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu01.dcache.total_refs              186283879                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.sampled_refs                63584                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_refs              2929.728847                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.data   234.253128                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu01.data    21.746872                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.data     0.915051                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::cpu01.data     0.084949                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data      9691423                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       9691423                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data      8200262                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      8200262                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data        20064                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        20064                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data        18872                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        18872                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.data     17891685                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_hits::total       17891685                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.data     17891685                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_hits::total      17891685                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data       216392                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       216392                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data         3919                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         3919                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.data       220311                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_misses::total       220311                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.data       220311                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_misses::total       220311                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data  28901936333                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  28901936333                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    500548021                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    500548021                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data  29402484354                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  29402484354                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data  29402484354                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  29402484354                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data      9907815                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      9907815                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data      8204181                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      8204181                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data        20064                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        20064                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data        18872                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        18872                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.data     18111996                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_accesses::total     18111996                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.data     18111996                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_accesses::total     18111996                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.021841                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021841                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.000478                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000478                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.012164                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012164                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.012164                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012164                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 133562.868928                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 133562.868928                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 127723.404185                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 127723.404185                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 133458.993668                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 133458.993668                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 133458.993668                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 133458.993668                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu01.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu01.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        21217                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu01.dcache.writebacks::total           21217                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data       153240                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       153240                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data         3743                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total         3743                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data       156983                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       156983                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data       156983                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       156983                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data        63152                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        63152                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data          176                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          176                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data        63328                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        63328                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data        63328                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        63328                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   6866289848                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   6866289848                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data     11881007                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     11881007                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   6878170855                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   6878170855                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   6878170855                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   6878170855                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.006374                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006374                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.003496                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003496                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.003496                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003496                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 108726.403724                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 108726.403724                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 67505.721591                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 67505.721591                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 108611.843971                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 108611.843971                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 108611.843971                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 108611.843971                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu02.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu02.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu02.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu02.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu02.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu02.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu02.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu02.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu02.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu02.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu02.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu02.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu02.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu02.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu02.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu02.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu02.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu02.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu02.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu02.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu02.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu02.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu02.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu02.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu02.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu02.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu02.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu02.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu02.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu02.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu02.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu02.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu02.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu02.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu02.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu02.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu02.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu02.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu02.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu02.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu02.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu02.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu02.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu02.icache.tagsinuse              517.886834                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu02.icache.total_refs             1087092110                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.sampled_refs                  519                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.avg_refs             2094589.807322                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu02.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.inst    42.886834                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.icache.occ_blocks::cpu02.inst          475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.inst     0.068729                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::cpu02.inst     0.761218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::total       0.829947                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.inst     13956573                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      13956573                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.inst     13956573                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_hits::total       13956573                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.inst     13956573                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_hits::total      13956573                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           51                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           51                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           51                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_misses::total           51                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           51                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_misses::total           51                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      9171770                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      9171770                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      9171770                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      9171770                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      9171770                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      9171770                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst     13956624                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     13956624                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst     13956624                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_accesses::total     13956624                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst     13956624                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_accesses::total     13956624                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 179838.627451                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 179838.627451                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 179838.627451                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 179838.627451                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 179838.627451                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 179838.627451                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu02.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            7                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            7                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            7                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           44                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           44                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           44                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           44                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           44                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           44                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      7712617                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      7712617                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      7712617                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      7712617                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      7712617                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      7712617                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 175286.750000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 175286.750000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 175286.750000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 175286.750000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 175286.750000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 175286.750000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu02.dcache.replacements                46721                       # number of replacements
system.cpu02.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu02.dcache.total_refs              179930134                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.sampled_refs                46977                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_refs              3830.175064                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.data   233.498961                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu02.data    22.501039                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.data     0.912105                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::cpu02.data     0.087895                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data      9609498                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       9609498                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data      8089180                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      8089180                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data        21111                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        21111                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data        19476                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        19476                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.data     17698678                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_hits::total       17698678                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.data     17698678                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_hits::total      17698678                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data       149652                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       149652                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data          989                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          989                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.data       150641                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_misses::total       150641                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.data       150641                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_misses::total       150641                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data  18890326516                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  18890326516                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data     85414584                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     85414584                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data  18975741100                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  18975741100                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data  18975741100                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  18975741100                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data      9759150                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      9759150                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data      8090169                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      8090169                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data        21111                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        21111                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data        19476                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        19476                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.data     17849319                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_accesses::total     17849319                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.data     17849319                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_accesses::total     17849319                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.015335                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.015335                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.000122                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000122                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.008440                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008440                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.008440                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008440                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 126228.359902                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 126228.359902                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 86364.594540                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 86364.594540                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 125966.643211                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 125966.643211                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 125966.643211                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 125966.643211                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu02.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu02.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         9858                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu02.dcache.writebacks::total            9858                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data       103100                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       103100                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data          820                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          820                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data       103920                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       103920                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data       103920                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       103920                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data        46552                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        46552                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data          169                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          169                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data        46721                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        46721                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data        46721                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        46721                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   4976706865                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   4976706865                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data     11263998                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     11263998                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   4987970863                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   4987970863                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   4987970863                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   4987970863                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.004770                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004770                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.002618                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002618                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.002618                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002618                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 106906.402840                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 106906.402840                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 66650.875740                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 66650.875740                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 106760.789859                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 106760.789859                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 106760.789859                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 106760.789859                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu03.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu03.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu03.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu03.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu03.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu03.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu03.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu03.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu03.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu03.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu03.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu03.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu03.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu03.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu03.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu03.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu03.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu03.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu03.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu03.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu03.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu03.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu03.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu03.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu03.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu03.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu03.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu03.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu03.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu03.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu03.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu03.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu03.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu03.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu03.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu03.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu03.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu03.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu03.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu03.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu03.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu03.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu03.icache.replacements                    2                       # number of replacements
system.cpu03.icache.tagsinuse              578.927093                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu03.icache.total_refs             1121124558                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.sampled_refs                  582                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.avg_refs             1926330.855670                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu03.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.inst    37.901873                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.icache.occ_blocks::cpu03.inst   541.025220                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.inst     0.060740                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::cpu03.inst     0.867028                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::total       0.927768                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.inst     13597240                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      13597240                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.inst     13597240                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_hits::total       13597240                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.inst     13597240                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_hits::total      13597240                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           51                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           51                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           51                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_misses::total           51                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           51                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_misses::total           51                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      9810850                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      9810850                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      9810850                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      9810850                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      9810850                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      9810850                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst     13597291                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     13597291                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst     13597291                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_accesses::total     13597291                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst     13597291                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_accesses::total     13597291                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 192369.607843                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 192369.607843                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 192369.607843                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 192369.607843                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 192369.607843                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 192369.607843                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu03.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst           12                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst           12                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst           12                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      7566421                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      7566421                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      7566421                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      7566421                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      7566421                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      7566421                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 194010.794872                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 194010.794872                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 194010.794872                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 194010.794872                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 194010.794872                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 194010.794872                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu03.dcache.replacements                92736                       # number of replacements
system.cpu03.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu03.dcache.total_refs              490442554                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.sampled_refs                92992                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_refs              5274.029529                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.data   111.917116                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu03.data   144.082884                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.data     0.437176                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::cpu03.data     0.562824                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data     35678294                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      35678294                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data     19539776                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total     19539776                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data         9544                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         9544                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data         9534                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         9534                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.data     55218070                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_hits::total       55218070                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.data     55218070                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_hits::total      55218070                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data       328296                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       328296                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data          292                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          292                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.data       328588                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_misses::total       328588                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.data       328588                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_misses::total       328588                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data  40396831650                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  40396831650                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data     26386634                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     26386634                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data  40423218284                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  40423218284                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data  40423218284                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  40423218284                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data     36006590                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     36006590                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data     19540068                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     19540068                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data         9544                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         9544                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data         9534                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         9534                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.data     55546658                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_accesses::total     55546658                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.data     55546658                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_accesses::total     55546658                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.009118                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009118                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.000015                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000015                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.005916                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005916                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.005916                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005916                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 123050.026957                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 123050.026957                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 90365.184932                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 90365.184932                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 123020.981545                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 123020.981545                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 123020.981545                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 123020.981545                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu03.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu03.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        16269                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu03.dcache.writebacks::total           16269                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data       235650                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       235650                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data          202                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          202                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data       235852                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       235852                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data       235852                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       235852                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data        92646                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        92646                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data           90                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           90                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data        92736                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        92736                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data        92736                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        92736                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data  10563815552                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  10563815552                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data      6604867                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6604867                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data  10570420419                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  10570420419                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data  10570420419                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  10570420419                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.002573                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002573                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.000005                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.001670                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001670                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.001670                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001670                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 114023.439242                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 114023.439242                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 73387.411111                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 73387.411111                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 113984.002103                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 113984.002103                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 113984.002103                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 113984.002103                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu04.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu04.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu04.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu04.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu04.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu04.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu04.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu04.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu04.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu04.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu04.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu04.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu04.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu04.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu04.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu04.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu04.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu04.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu04.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu04.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu04.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu04.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu04.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu04.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu04.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu04.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu04.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu04.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu04.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu04.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu04.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu04.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu04.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu04.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu04.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu04.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu04.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu04.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu04.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu04.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu04.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu04.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu04.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu04.icache.tagsinuse              528.025576                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu04.icache.total_refs             1093076369                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.sampled_refs                  529                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.avg_refs             2066306.935728                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu04.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.inst    38.025576                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.icache.occ_blocks::cpu04.inst          490                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.inst     0.060938                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::cpu04.inst     0.785256                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::total       0.846195                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.inst     13889892                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      13889892                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.inst     13889892                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_hits::total       13889892                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.inst     13889892                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_hits::total      13889892                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           53                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           53                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           53                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_misses::total           53                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           53                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_misses::total           53                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      8844901                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      8844901                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      8844901                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      8844901                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      8844901                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      8844901                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst     13889945                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     13889945                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst     13889945                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_accesses::total     13889945                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst     13889945                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_accesses::total     13889945                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 166884.924528                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 166884.924528                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 166884.924528                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 166884.924528                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 166884.924528                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 166884.924528                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu04.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           14                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      6824779                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6824779                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      6824779                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      6824779                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      6824779                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      6824779                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 174994.333333                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 174994.333333                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 174994.333333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 174994.333333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 174994.333333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 174994.333333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu04.dcache.replacements                82093                       # number of replacements
system.cpu04.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu04.dcache.total_refs              194782905                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.sampled_refs                82349                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_refs              2365.334187                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.data   234.381407                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu04.data    21.618593                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.data     0.915552                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::cpu04.data     0.084448                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data      9636572                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       9636572                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data      7985795                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      7985795                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data        22240                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        22240                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data        18632                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        18632                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.data     17622367                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_hits::total       17622367                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.data     17622367                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_hits::total      17622367                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data       209106                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       209106                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data          925                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          925                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.data       210031                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_misses::total       210031                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.data       210031                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_misses::total       210031                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data  26256469763                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  26256469763                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data     86348113                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     86348113                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data  26342817876                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  26342817876                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data  26342817876                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  26342817876                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data      9845678                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      9845678                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data      7986720                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      7986720                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data        22240                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        22240                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data        18632                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        18632                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.data     17832398                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_accesses::total     17832398                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.data     17832398                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_accesses::total     17832398                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.021238                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021238                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.000116                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000116                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.011778                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.011778                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.011778                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.011778                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 125565.358062                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 125565.358062                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 93349.311351                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 93349.311351                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 125423.474992                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 125423.474992                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 125423.474992                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 125423.474992                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu04.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu04.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         9959                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu04.dcache.writebacks::total            9959                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data       127165                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       127165                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data          773                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          773                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data       127938                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       127938                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data       127938                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       127938                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data        81941                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        81941                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data          152                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          152                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data        82093                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        82093                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data        82093                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        82093                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   9348255317                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   9348255317                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data     11082325                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     11082325                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   9359337642                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   9359337642                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   9359337642                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   9359337642                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.008323                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.008323                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.000019                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000019                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.004604                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004604                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.004604                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004604                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 114085.199314                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 114085.199314                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 72910.032895                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 72910.032895                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 114008.961081                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 114008.961081                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 114008.961081                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 114008.961081                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu05.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu05.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu05.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu05.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu05.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu05.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu05.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu05.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu05.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu05.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu05.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu05.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu05.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu05.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu05.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu05.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu05.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu05.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu05.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu05.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu05.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu05.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu05.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu05.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu05.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu05.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu05.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu05.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu05.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu05.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu05.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu05.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu05.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu05.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu05.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu05.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu05.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu05.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu05.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu05.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu05.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu05.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu05.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu05.icache.tagsinuse              528.894744                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu05.icache.total_refs             1093080329                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.sampled_refs                  530                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.avg_refs             2062415.715094                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu05.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.inst    38.894744                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.icache.occ_blocks::cpu05.inst          490                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.inst     0.062331                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::cpu05.inst     0.785256                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::total       0.847588                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.inst     13893852                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      13893852                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.inst     13893852                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_hits::total       13893852                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.inst     13893852                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_hits::total      13893852                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           49                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           49                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           49                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_misses::total           49                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           49                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_misses::total           49                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      8271055                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      8271055                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      8271055                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      8271055                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      8271055                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      8271055                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst     13893901                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     13893901                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst     13893901                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_accesses::total     13893901                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst     13893901                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_accesses::total     13893901                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 168797.040816                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 168797.040816                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 168797.040816                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 168797.040816                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 168797.040816                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 168797.040816                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu05.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            9                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           40                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      6715925                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6715925                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      6715925                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      6715925                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      6715925                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      6715925                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 167898.125000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 167898.125000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 167898.125000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 167898.125000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 167898.125000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 167898.125000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu05.dcache.replacements                82079                       # number of replacements
system.cpu05.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu05.dcache.total_refs              194779184                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.sampled_refs                82335                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_refs              2365.691188                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.data   234.378783                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu05.data    21.621217                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.data     0.915542                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::cpu05.data     0.084458                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data      9634696                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       9634696                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data      7983972                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      7983972                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data        22223                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        22223                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data        18627                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        18627                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.data     17618668                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_hits::total       17618668                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.data     17618668                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_hits::total      17618668                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data       208644                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       208644                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data          911                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          911                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.data       209555                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_misses::total       209555                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.data       209555                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_misses::total       209555                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data  26113064474                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  26113064474                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data     79510628                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     79510628                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data  26192575102                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  26192575102                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data  26192575102                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  26192575102                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data      9843340                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      9843340                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data      7984883                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      7984883                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data        22223                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        22223                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data        18627                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        18627                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.data     17828223                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_accesses::total     17828223                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.data     17828223                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_accesses::total     17828223                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.021196                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021196                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.000114                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000114                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.011754                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.011754                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.011754                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.011754                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 125156.076734                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 125156.076734                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 87278.406147                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 87278.406147                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 124991.410856                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 124991.410856                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 124991.410856                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 124991.410856                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu05.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu05.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         9879                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu05.dcache.writebacks::total            9879                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data       126716                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       126716                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data          760                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          760                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data       127476                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       127476                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data       127476                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       127476                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data        81928                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        81928                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data          151                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          151                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data        82079                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        82079                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data        82079                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        82079                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   9324934498                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   9324934498                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data     10293354                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     10293354                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   9335227852                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   9335227852                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   9335227852                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   9335227852                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.008323                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.008323                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.000019                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000019                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.004604                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004604                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.004604                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004604                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 113818.651719                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 113818.651719                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 68167.907285                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 68167.907285                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 113734.668454                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 113734.668454                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 113734.668454                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 113734.668454                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu06.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu06.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu06.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu06.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu06.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu06.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu06.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu06.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu06.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu06.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu06.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu06.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu06.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu06.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu06.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu06.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu06.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu06.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu06.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu06.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu06.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu06.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu06.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu06.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu06.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu06.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu06.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu06.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu06.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu06.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu06.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu06.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu06.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu06.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu06.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu06.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu06.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu06.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu06.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu06.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu06.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu06.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu06.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu06.icache.tagsinuse              527.903856                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu06.icache.total_refs             1093077643                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.sampled_refs                  529                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.avg_refs             2066309.344045                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu06.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.inst    37.903856                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.icache.occ_blocks::cpu06.inst          490                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.inst     0.060743                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::cpu06.inst     0.785256                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::total       0.846000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.inst     13891166                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      13891166                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.inst     13891166                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_hits::total       13891166                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.inst     13891166                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_hits::total      13891166                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           49                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           49                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           49                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_misses::total           49                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           49                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_misses::total           49                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      8738913                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      8738913                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      8738913                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      8738913                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      8738913                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      8738913                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst     13891215                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     13891215                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst     13891215                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_accesses::total     13891215                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst     13891215                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_accesses::total     13891215                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 178345.163265                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 178345.163265                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 178345.163265                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 178345.163265                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 178345.163265                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 178345.163265                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu06.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst           10                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      6873223                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6873223                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      6873223                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      6873223                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      6873223                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      6873223                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 176236.487179                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 176236.487179                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 176236.487179                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 176236.487179                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 176236.487179                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 176236.487179                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu06.dcache.replacements                82019                       # number of replacements
system.cpu06.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu06.dcache.total_refs              194777426                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.sampled_refs                82275                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_refs              2367.395029                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.data   234.381462                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu06.data    21.618538                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.data     0.915553                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::cpu06.data     0.084447                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data      9634242                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       9634242                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data      7982711                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      7982711                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data        22183                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        22183                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data        18624                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        18624                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.data     17616953                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_hits::total       17616953                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.data     17616953                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_hits::total      17616953                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data       208650                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       208650                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data          930                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          930                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.data       209580                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_misses::total       209580                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.data       209580                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_misses::total       209580                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data  26218552798                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  26218552798                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data     87884933                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     87884933                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data  26306437731                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  26306437731                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data  26306437731                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  26306437731                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data      9842892                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      9842892                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data      7983641                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      7983641                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data        22183                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        22183                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data        18624                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        18624                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.data     17826533                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_accesses::total     17826533                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.data     17826533                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_accesses::total     17826533                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.021198                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021198                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.000116                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000116                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.011757                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.011757                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.011757                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.011757                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 125658.053190                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 125658.053190                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 94499.927957                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 94499.927957                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 125519.790681                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 125519.790681                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 125519.790681                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 125519.790681                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu06.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu06.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         9630                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu06.dcache.writebacks::total            9630                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data       126782                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       126782                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data          778                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          778                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data       127560                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       127560                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data       127560                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       127560                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data        81868                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        81868                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data          152                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          152                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data        82020                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        82020                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data        82020                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        82020                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   9344572995                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   9344572995                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data     11235809                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     11235809                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   9355808804                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   9355808804                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   9355808804                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   9355808804                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.008317                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.008317                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.000019                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000019                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.004601                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004601                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.004601                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004601                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 114141.947953                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 114141.947953                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 73919.796053                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 73919.796053                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 114067.407998                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 114067.407998                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 114067.407998                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 114067.407998                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu07.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu07.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu07.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu07.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu07.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu07.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu07.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu07.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu07.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu07.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu07.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu07.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu07.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu07.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu07.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu07.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu07.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu07.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu07.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu07.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu07.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu07.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu07.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu07.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu07.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu07.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu07.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu07.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu07.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu07.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu07.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu07.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu07.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu07.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu07.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu07.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu07.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu07.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu07.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu07.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu07.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu07.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu07.icache.replacements                    3                       # number of replacements
system.cpu07.icache.tagsinuse              579.026534                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu07.icache.total_refs             1121131753                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.sampled_refs                  583                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.avg_refs             1923039.027444                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu07.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.inst    38.717981                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.icache.occ_blocks::cpu07.inst   540.308553                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.inst     0.062048                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::cpu07.inst     0.865879                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::total       0.927927                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.inst     13604435                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      13604435                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.inst     13604435                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_hits::total       13604435                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.inst     13604435                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_hits::total      13604435                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           51                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           51                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           51                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_misses::total           51                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           51                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_misses::total           51                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      8716717                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      8716717                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      8716717                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      8716717                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      8716717                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      8716717                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst     13604486                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     13604486                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst     13604486                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_accesses::total     13604486                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst     13604486                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_accesses::total     13604486                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 170916.019608                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 170916.019608                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 170916.019608                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 170916.019608                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 170916.019608                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 170916.019608                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu07.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst           11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           40                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      7179569                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      7179569                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      7179569                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      7179569                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      7179569                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      7179569                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 179489.225000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 179489.225000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 179489.225000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 179489.225000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 179489.225000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 179489.225000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu07.dcache.replacements                92532                       # number of replacements
system.cpu07.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu07.dcache.total_refs              490391075                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.sampled_refs                92788                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_refs              5285.069998                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.data   111.917181                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu07.data   144.082819                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.data     0.437176                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::cpu07.data     0.562824                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data     35647949                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      35647949                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data     19518659                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total     19518659                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data         9537                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         9537                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data         9524                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         9524                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.data     55166608                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_hits::total       55166608                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.data     55166608                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_hits::total      55166608                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data       326960                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       326960                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data          298                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          298                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.data       327258                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_misses::total       327258                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.data       327258                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_misses::total       327258                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data  40192884818                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  40192884818                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data     27061630                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     27061630                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data  40219946448                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  40219946448                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data  40219946448                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  40219946448                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data     35974909                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     35974909                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data     19518957                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     19518957                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data         9537                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         9537                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data         9524                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         9524                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.data     55493866                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_accesses::total     55493866                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.data     55493866                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_accesses::total     55493866                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.009089                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009089                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.000015                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000015                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.005897                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005897                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.005897                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005897                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 122929.058044                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 122929.058044                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 90810.838926                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 90810.838926                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 122899.811305                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 122899.811305                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 122899.811305                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 122899.811305                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu07.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu07.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        16520                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu07.dcache.writebacks::total           16520                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data       234518                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       234518                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data          208                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          208                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data       234726                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       234726                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data       234726                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       234726                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data        92442                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        92442                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data           90                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           90                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data        92532                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        92532                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data        92532                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        92532                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data  10500864381                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  10500864381                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data      6761528                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6761528                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data  10507625909                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  10507625909                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data  10507625909                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  10507625909                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.002570                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002570                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.000005                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.001667                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001667                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.001667                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001667                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 113594.084734                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 113594.084734                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 75128.088889                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 75128.088889                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 113556.671303                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 113556.671303                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 113556.671303                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 113556.671303                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu08.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu08.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu08.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu08.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu08.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu08.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu08.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu08.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu08.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu08.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu08.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu08.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu08.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu08.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu08.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu08.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu08.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu08.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu08.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu08.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu08.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu08.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu08.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu08.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu08.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu08.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu08.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu08.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu08.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu08.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu08.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu08.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu08.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu08.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu08.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu08.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu08.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu08.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu08.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu08.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu08.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu08.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu08.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu08.icache.tagsinuse              517.001075                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu08.icache.total_refs             1087088600                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.sampled_refs                  518                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.avg_refs             2098626.640927                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu08.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.inst    42.001075                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.icache.occ_blocks::cpu08.inst          475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.inst     0.067309                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::cpu08.inst     0.761218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::total       0.828527                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.inst     13953063                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      13953063                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.inst     13953063                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_hits::total       13953063                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.inst     13953063                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_hits::total      13953063                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           53                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           53                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           53                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_misses::total           53                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           53                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_misses::total           53                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      9287622                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      9287622                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      9287622                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      9287622                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      9287622                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      9287622                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst     13953116                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     13953116                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst     13953116                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_accesses::total     13953116                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst     13953116                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_accesses::total     13953116                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 175238.150943                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 175238.150943                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 175238.150943                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 175238.150943                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 175238.150943                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 175238.150943                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu08.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst           10                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           43                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           43                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           43                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           43                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           43                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           43                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      7713359                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      7713359                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      7713359                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      7713359                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      7713359                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      7713359                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 179380.441860                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 179380.441860                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 179380.441860                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 179380.441860                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 179380.441860                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 179380.441860                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu08.dcache.replacements                46725                       # number of replacements
system.cpu08.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu08.dcache.total_refs              179932935                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.sampled_refs                46981                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_refs              3829.908580                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.data   233.498833                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu08.data    22.501167                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.data     0.912105                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::cpu08.data     0.087895                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data      9611680                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       9611680                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data      8090241                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      8090241                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data        20667                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        20667                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data        19478                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        19478                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.data     17701921                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_hits::total       17701921                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.data     17701921                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_hits::total      17701921                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data       149661                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       149661                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data          953                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          953                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.data       150614                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_misses::total       150614                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.data       150614                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_misses::total       150614                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data  18940340035                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  18940340035                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data     82654311                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     82654311                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data  19022994346                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  19022994346                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data  19022994346                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  19022994346                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data      9761341                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      9761341                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data      8091194                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      8091194                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data        20667                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        20667                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data        19478                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        19478                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.data     17852535                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_accesses::total     17852535                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.data     17852535                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_accesses::total     17852535                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.015332                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.015332                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.000118                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000118                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.008437                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008437                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.008437                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008437                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 126554.947749                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 126554.947749                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 86730.651626                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 86730.651626                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 126302.962181                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 126302.962181                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 126302.962181                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 126302.962181                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu08.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu08.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         9860                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu08.dcache.writebacks::total            9860                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data       103101                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       103101                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data          788                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          788                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data       103889                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       103889                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data       103889                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       103889                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data        46560                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        46560                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data          165                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          165                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data        46725                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        46725                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data        46725                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        46725                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   4995966993                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   4995966993                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data     11133811                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     11133811                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   5007100804                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   5007100804                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   5007100804                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   5007100804                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.004770                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004770                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.000020                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000020                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.002617                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002617                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.002617                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002617                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 107301.696585                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 107301.696585                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 67477.642424                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 67477.642424                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 107161.065896                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 107161.065896                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 107161.065896                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 107161.065896                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu09.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu09.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu09.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu09.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu09.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu09.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu09.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu09.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu09.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu09.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu09.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu09.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu09.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu09.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu09.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu09.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu09.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu09.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu09.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu09.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu09.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu09.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu09.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu09.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu09.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu09.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu09.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu09.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu09.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu09.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu09.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu09.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu09.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu09.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu09.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu09.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu09.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu09.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu09.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu09.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu09.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu09.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu09.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu09.icache.tagsinuse              520.562945                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu09.icache.total_refs             1088405056                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.sampled_refs                  522                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.avg_refs             2085067.157088                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu09.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.inst    38.562945                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.icache.occ_blocks::cpu09.inst          482                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.inst     0.061800                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::cpu09.inst     0.772436                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::total       0.834235                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.inst     13737229                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      13737229                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.inst     13737229                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_hits::total       13737229                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.inst     13737229                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_hits::total      13737229                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           49                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           49                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           49                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_misses::total           49                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           49                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_misses::total           49                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      8465092                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      8465092                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      8465092                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      8465092                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      8465092                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      8465092                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst     13737278                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     13737278                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst     13737278                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_accesses::total     13737278                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst     13737278                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_accesses::total     13737278                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 172756.979592                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 172756.979592                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 172756.979592                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 172756.979592                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 172756.979592                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 172756.979592                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu09.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            9                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           40                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      7157217                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      7157217                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      7157217                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      7157217                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      7157217                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      7157217                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 178930.425000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 178930.425000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 178930.425000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 178930.425000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 178930.425000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 178930.425000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu09.dcache.replacements                63492                       # number of replacements
system.cpu09.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu09.dcache.total_refs              186278293                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.sampled_refs                63748                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_refs              2922.104113                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.data   234.253234                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu09.data    21.746766                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.data     0.915052                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::cpu09.data     0.084948                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data      9688958                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       9688958                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data      8197244                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      8197244                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data        19968                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        19968                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data        18865                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        18865                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.data     17886202                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_hits::total       17886202                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.data     17886202                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_hits::total      17886202                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data       216011                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       216011                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data         3925                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         3925                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.data       219936                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_misses::total       219936                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.data       219936                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_misses::total       219936                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data  28786805534                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  28786805534                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    503534980                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    503534980                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data  29290340514                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  29290340514                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data  29290340514                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  29290340514                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data      9904969                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      9904969                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data      8201169                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      8201169                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data        19968                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        19968                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data        18865                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        18865                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.data     18106138                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_accesses::total     18106138                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.data     18106138                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_accesses::total     18106138                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.021808                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021808                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.000479                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000479                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.012147                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012147                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.012147                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012147                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 133265.461176                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 133265.461176                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 128289.166879                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 128289.166879                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 133176.653727                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 133176.653727                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 133176.653727                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 133176.653727                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu09.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu09.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        21085                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu09.dcache.writebacks::total           21085                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data       152695                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       152695                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data         3749                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total         3749                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data       156444                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       156444                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data       156444                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       156444                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data        63316                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        63316                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data          176                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          176                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data        63492                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        63492                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data        63492                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        63492                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   6875230606                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   6875230606                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data     12023301                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     12023301                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   6887253907                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   6887253907                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   6887253907                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   6887253907                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.006392                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006392                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.003507                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003507                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.003507                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003507                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 108585.990998                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 108585.990998                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 68314.210227                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 68314.210227                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 108474.357510                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 108474.357510                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 108474.357510                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 108474.357510                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu10.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu10.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu10.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu10.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu10.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu10.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu10.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu10.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu10.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu10.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu10.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu10.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu10.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu10.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu10.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu10.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu10.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu10.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu10.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu10.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu10.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu10.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu10.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu10.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu10.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu10.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu10.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu10.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu10.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu10.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu10.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu10.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu10.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu10.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu10.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu10.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu10.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu10.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu10.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu10.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu10.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu10.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu10.icache.replacements                    3                       # number of replacements
system.cpu10.icache.tagsinuse              578.276261                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu10.icache.total_refs             1121128002                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.sampled_refs                  582                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.avg_refs             1926336.773196                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu10.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.inst    38.035566                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.icache.occ_blocks::cpu10.inst   540.240695                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.inst     0.060954                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::cpu10.inst     0.865770                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::total       0.926725                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.inst     13600684                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      13600684                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.inst     13600684                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_hits::total       13600684                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.inst     13600684                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_hits::total      13600684                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           50                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           50                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           50                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_misses::total           50                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           50                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_misses::total           50                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      9002641                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      9002641                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      9002641                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      9002641                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      9002641                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      9002641                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst     13600734                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     13600734                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst     13600734                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_accesses::total     13600734                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst     13600734                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_accesses::total     13600734                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 180052.820000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 180052.820000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 180052.820000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 180052.820000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 180052.820000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 180052.820000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu10.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst           11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      7457284                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      7457284                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      7457284                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      7457284                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      7457284                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      7457284                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 191212.410256                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 191212.410256                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 191212.410256                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 191212.410256                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 191212.410256                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 191212.410256                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu10.dcache.replacements                92695                       # number of replacements
system.cpu10.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu10.dcache.total_refs              490445245                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.sampled_refs                92951                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_refs              5276.384816                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.data   111.916853                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu10.data   144.083147                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.data     0.437175                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::cpu10.data     0.562825                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data     35680219                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      35680219                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data     19539921                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total     19539921                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data        10164                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        10164                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data         9535                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         9535                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.data     55220140                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_hits::total       55220140                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.data     55220140                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_hits::total      55220140                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data       328687                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       328687                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data          295                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          295                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.data       328982                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_misses::total       328982                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.data       328982                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_misses::total       328982                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data  40368535251                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  40368535251                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data     28082994                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     28082994                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data  40396618245                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  40396618245                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data  40396618245                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  40396618245                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data     36008906                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     36008906                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data     19540216                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     19540216                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data        10164                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        10164                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data         9535                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         9535                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.data     55549122                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_accesses::total     55549122                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.data     55549122                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_accesses::total     55549122                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.009128                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009128                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.000015                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000015                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.005922                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005922                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.005922                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005922                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 122817.559718                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 122817.559718                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 95196.589831                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 95196.589831                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 122792.791840                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 122792.791840                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 122792.791840                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 122792.791840                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu10.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu10.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        17447                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu10.dcache.writebacks::total           17447                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data       236081                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       236081                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data          205                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          205                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data       236286                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       236286                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data       236286                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       236286                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data        92606                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        92606                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data           90                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           90                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data        92696                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        92696                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data        92696                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        92696                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data  10507157513                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  10507157513                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data      6990591                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6990591                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data  10514148104                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  10514148104                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data  10514148104                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  10514148104                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.002572                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002572                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.000005                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.001669                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001669                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.001669                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001669                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 113460.872006                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 113460.872006                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 77673.233333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 77673.233333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 113426.125227                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 113426.125227                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 113426.125227                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 113426.125227                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu11.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu11.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu11.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu11.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu11.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu11.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu11.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu11.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu11.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu11.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu11.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu11.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu11.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu11.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu11.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu11.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu11.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu11.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu11.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu11.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu11.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu11.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu11.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu11.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu11.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu11.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu11.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu11.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu11.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu11.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu11.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu11.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu11.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu11.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu11.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu11.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu11.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu11.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu11.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu11.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu11.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu11.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu11.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu11.icache.tagsinuse              495.679780                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu11.icache.total_refs             1090194010                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.sampled_refs                  500                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.avg_refs             2180388.020000                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu11.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.inst    40.679780                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.icache.occ_blocks::cpu11.inst          455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.inst     0.065192                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::cpu11.inst     0.729167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::total       0.794359                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.inst     14069996                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      14069996                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.inst     14069996                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_hits::total       14069996                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.inst     14069996                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_hits::total      14069996                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           57                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           57                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           57                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_misses::total           57                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           57                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_misses::total           57                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      9652128                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      9652128                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      9652128                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      9652128                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      9652128                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      9652128                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst     14070053                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     14070053                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst     14070053                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_accesses::total     14070053                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst     14070053                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_accesses::total     14070053                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 169335.578947                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 169335.578947                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 169335.578947                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 169335.578947                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 169335.578947                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 169335.578947                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu11.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst           12                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst           12                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst           12                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           45                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           45                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           45                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           45                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           45                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           45                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      7648586                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      7648586                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      7648586                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      7648586                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      7648586                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      7648586                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 169968.577778                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 169968.577778                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 169968.577778                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 169968.577778                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 169968.577778                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 169968.577778                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu11.dcache.replacements                41658                       # number of replacements
system.cpu11.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu11.dcache.total_refs              177971637                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.sampled_refs                41914                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_refs              4246.114353                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.data   233.464648                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu11.data    22.535352                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.data     0.911971                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::cpu11.data     0.088029                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data     11235989                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      11235989                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data      8342375                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      8342375                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data        21695                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        21695                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data        20261                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        20261                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.data     19578364                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_hits::total       19578364                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.data     19578364                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_hits::total      19578364                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data       106679                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       106679                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data         2636                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         2636                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.data       109315                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_misses::total       109315                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.data       109315                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_misses::total       109315                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data  11773600507                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  11773600507                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    190840842                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    190840842                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data  11964441349                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  11964441349                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data  11964441349                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  11964441349                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data     11342668                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     11342668                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data      8345011                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      8345011                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data        21695                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        21695                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data        20261                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        20261                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.data     19687679                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_accesses::total     19687679                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.data     19687679                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_accesses::total     19687679                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.009405                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009405                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.000316                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000316                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.005552                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005552                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.005552                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005552                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 110364.743830                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 110364.743830                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 72397.891502                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 72397.891502                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 109449.218762                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 109449.218762                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 109449.218762                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 109449.218762                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets       387306                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked::no_targets             7                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets 55329.428571                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu11.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu11.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         9075                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu11.dcache.writebacks::total            9075                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data        65284                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        65284                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data         2373                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total         2373                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data        67657                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        67657                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data        67657                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        67657                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data        41395                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        41395                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data          263                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          263                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data        41658                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        41658                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data        41658                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        41658                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   4222319318                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   4222319318                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data     21652874                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     21652874                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   4243972192                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   4243972192                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   4243972192                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   4243972192                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.003649                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003649                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.002116                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002116                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.002116                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002116                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 102000.708250                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 102000.708250                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 82330.319392                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 82330.319392                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 101876.522925                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 101876.522925                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 101876.522925                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 101876.522925                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu12.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu12.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu12.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu12.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu12.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu12.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu12.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu12.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu12.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu12.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu12.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu12.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu12.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu12.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu12.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu12.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu12.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu12.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu12.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu12.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu12.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu12.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu12.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu12.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu12.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu12.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu12.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu12.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu12.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu12.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu12.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu12.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu12.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu12.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu12.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu12.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu12.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu12.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu12.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu12.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu12.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu12.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu12.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu12.icache.tagsinuse              494.721072                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu12.icache.total_refs             1090193471                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.sampled_refs                  499                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.avg_refs             2184756.454910                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu12.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.inst    39.721072                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.icache.occ_blocks::cpu12.inst          455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.inst     0.063656                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::cpu12.inst     0.729167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::total       0.792822                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.inst     14069457                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      14069457                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.inst     14069457                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_hits::total       14069457                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.inst     14069457                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_hits::total      14069457                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           56                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           56                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           56                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_misses::total           56                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           56                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_misses::total           56                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      9605745                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      9605745                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      9605745                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      9605745                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      9605745                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      9605745                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst     14069513                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     14069513                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst     14069513                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_accesses::total     14069513                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst     14069513                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_accesses::total     14069513                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 171531.160714                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 171531.160714                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 171531.160714                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 171531.160714                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 171531.160714                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 171531.160714                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu12.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst           12                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst           12                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst           12                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           44                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           44                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           44                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           44                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           44                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           44                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      7411366                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      7411366                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      7411366                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      7411366                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      7411366                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      7411366                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 168440.136364                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 168440.136364                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 168440.136364                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 168440.136364                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 168440.136364                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 168440.136364                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu12.dcache.replacements                41631                       # number of replacements
system.cpu12.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu12.dcache.total_refs              177972425                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.sampled_refs                41887                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_refs              4248.870175                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.data   233.465040                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu12.data    22.534960                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.data     0.911973                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::cpu12.data     0.088027                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data     11237499                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      11237499                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data      8341725                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      8341725                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data        21625                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        21625                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data        20259                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        20259                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.data     19579224                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_hits::total       19579224                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.data     19579224                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_hits::total      19579224                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data       106675                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       106675                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data         2587                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         2587                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.data       109262                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_misses::total       109262                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.data       109262                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_misses::total       109262                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data  11795370946                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  11795370946                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    194676061                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    194676061                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data  11990047007                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  11990047007                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data  11990047007                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  11990047007                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data     11344174                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     11344174                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data      8344312                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      8344312                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data        21625                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        21625                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data        20259                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        20259                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.data     19688486                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_accesses::total     19688486                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.data     19688486                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_accesses::total     19688486                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.009404                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009404                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.000310                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000310                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.005550                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005550                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.005550                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005550                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 110572.964106                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 110572.964106                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 75251.666409                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 75251.666409                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 109736.660568                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 109736.660568                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 109736.660568                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 109736.660568                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets       425945                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked::no_targets            10                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets 42594.500000                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu12.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu12.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         9152                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu12.dcache.writebacks::total            9152                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data        65305                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        65305                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data         2326                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total         2326                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data        67631                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        67631                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data        67631                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        67631                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data        41370                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        41370                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data          261                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          261                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data        41631                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        41631                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data        41631                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        41631                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   4225645920                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   4225645920                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data     22256181                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     22256181                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   4247902101                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   4247902101                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   4247902101                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   4247902101                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.003647                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003647                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.002114                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002114                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.002114                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002114                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 102142.758521                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 102142.758521                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 85272.724138                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 85272.724138                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 102036.994091                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 102036.994091                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 102036.994091                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 102036.994091                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu13.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu13.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu13.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu13.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu13.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu13.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu13.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu13.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu13.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu13.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu13.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu13.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu13.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu13.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu13.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu13.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu13.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu13.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu13.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu13.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu13.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu13.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu13.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu13.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu13.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu13.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu13.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu13.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu13.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu13.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu13.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu13.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu13.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu13.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu13.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu13.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu13.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu13.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu13.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu13.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu13.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu13.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu13.icache.replacements                    2                       # number of replacements
system.cpu13.icache.tagsinuse              580.739459                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu13.icache.total_refs             1121124008                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.sampled_refs                  585                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.avg_refs             1916451.295726                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu13.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.inst    39.714230                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.icache.occ_blocks::cpu13.inst   541.025228                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.inst     0.063645                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::cpu13.inst     0.867028                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::total       0.930672                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.inst     13596690                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      13596690                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.inst     13596690                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_hits::total       13596690                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.inst     13596690                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_hits::total      13596690                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           56                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           56                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           56                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_misses::total           56                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           56                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_misses::total           56                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     11123643                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     11123643                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     11123643                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     11123643                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     11123643                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     11123643                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst     13596746                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     13596746                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst     13596746                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_accesses::total     13596746                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst     13596746                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_accesses::total     13596746                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 198636.482143                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 198636.482143                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 198636.482143                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 198636.482143                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 198636.482143                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 198636.482143                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu13.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           14                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           42                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           42                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           42                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           42                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           42                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           42                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      8923801                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      8923801                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      8923801                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      8923801                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      8923801                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      8923801                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 212471.452381                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 212471.452381                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 212471.452381                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 212471.452381                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 212471.452381                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 212471.452381                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu13.dcache.replacements                92704                       # number of replacements
system.cpu13.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu13.dcache.total_refs              490431139                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.sampled_refs                92960                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_refs              5275.722235                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.data   111.917063                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu13.data   144.082937                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.data     0.437176                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::cpu13.data     0.562824                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data     35671135                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      35671135                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data     19535521                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total     19535521                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data         9545                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         9545                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data         9532                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         9532                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.data     55206656                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_hits::total       55206656                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.data     55206656                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_hits::total      55206656                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data       328534                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       328534                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data          289                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          289                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.data       328823                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_misses::total       328823                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.data       328823                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_misses::total       328823                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data  40506330902                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  40506330902                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data     27507063                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     27507063                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data  40533837965                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  40533837965                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data  40533837965                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  40533837965                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data     35999669                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     35999669                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data     19535810                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     19535810                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data         9545                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         9545                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data         9532                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         9532                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.data     55535479                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_accesses::total     55535479                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.data     55535479                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_accesses::total     55535479                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.009126                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009126                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.000015                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000015                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.005921                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005921                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.005921                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005921                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 123294.182343                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 123294.182343                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 95180.148789                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 95180.148789                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 123269.473136                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 123269.473136                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 123269.473136                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 123269.473136                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu13.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu13.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        16577                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu13.dcache.writebacks::total           16577                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data       235920                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       235920                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data          199                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          199                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data       236119                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       236119                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data       236119                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       236119                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data        92614                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        92614                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data           90                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           90                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data        92704                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        92704                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data        92704                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        92704                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data  10566776077                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  10566776077                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data      7086960                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      7086960                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data  10573863037                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  10573863037                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data  10573863037                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  10573863037                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.002573                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002573                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.000005                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.001669                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001669                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.001669                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001669                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 114094.802913                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 114094.802913                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data        78744                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        78744                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 114060.483226                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 114060.483226                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 114060.483226                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 114060.483226                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu14.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu14.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu14.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu14.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu14.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu14.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu14.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu14.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu14.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu14.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu14.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu14.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu14.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu14.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu14.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu14.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu14.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu14.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu14.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu14.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu14.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu14.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu14.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu14.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu14.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu14.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu14.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu14.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu14.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu14.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu14.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu14.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu14.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu14.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu14.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu14.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu14.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu14.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu14.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu14.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu14.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu14.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu14.icache.replacements                    2                       # number of replacements
system.cpu14.icache.tagsinuse              578.285670                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu14.icache.total_refs             1121126348                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.sampled_refs                  582                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.avg_refs             1926333.931271                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu14.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.inst    37.260442                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.icache.occ_blocks::cpu14.inst   541.025228                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.inst     0.059712                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::cpu14.inst     0.867028                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::total       0.926740                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.inst     13599030                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      13599030                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.inst     13599030                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_hits::total       13599030                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.inst     13599030                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_hits::total      13599030                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           51                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           51                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           51                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_misses::total           51                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           51                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_misses::total           51                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     10556078                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     10556078                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     10556078                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     10556078                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     10556078                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     10556078                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst     13599081                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     13599081                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst     13599081                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_accesses::total     13599081                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst     13599081                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_accesses::total     13599081                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 206981.921569                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 206981.921569                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 206981.921569                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 206981.921569                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 206981.921569                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 206981.921569                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu14.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst           12                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst           12                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst           12                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      8274994                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      8274994                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      8274994                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      8274994                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      8274994                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      8274994                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 212179.333333                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 212179.333333                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 212179.333333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 212179.333333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 212179.333333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 212179.333333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu14.dcache.replacements                92730                       # number of replacements
system.cpu14.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu14.dcache.total_refs              490450081                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.sampled_refs                92986                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_refs              5274.450788                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.data   111.916972                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu14.data   144.083028                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.data     0.437176                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::cpu14.data     0.562824                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data     35683440                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      35683440                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data     19542156                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total     19542156                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data         9545                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         9545                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data         9534                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         9534                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.data     55225596                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_hits::total       55225596                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.data     55225596                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_hits::total      55225596                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data       328756                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       328756                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data          296                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          296                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.data       329052                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_misses::total       329052                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.data       329052                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_misses::total       329052                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data  40389737370                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  40389737370                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data     27246663                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     27246663                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data  40416984033                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  40416984033                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data  40416984033                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  40416984033                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data     36012196                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     36012196                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data     19542452                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     19542452                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data         9545                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         9545                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data         9534                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         9534                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.data     55554648                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_accesses::total     55554648                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.data     55554648                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_accesses::total     55554648                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.009129                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009129                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.000015                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000015                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.005923                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005923                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.005923                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005923                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 122856.274471                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 122856.274471                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 92049.537162                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 92049.537162                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 122828.562151                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 122828.562151                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 122828.562151                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 122828.562151                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu14.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu14.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        16933                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu14.dcache.writebacks::total           16933                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data       236116                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       236116                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data          206                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          206                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data       236322                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       236322                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data       236322                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       236322                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data        92640                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        92640                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data           90                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           90                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data        92730                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        92730                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data        92730                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        92730                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data  10535552374                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  10535552374                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data      6719597                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6719597                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data  10542271971                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  10542271971                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data  10542271971                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  10542271971                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.002572                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002572                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.000005                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.001669                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001669                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.001669                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001669                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 113725.738061                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 113725.738061                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 74662.188889                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 74662.188889                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 113687.824555                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 113687.824555                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 113687.824555                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 113687.824555                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu15.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu15.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu15.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu15.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu15.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu15.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu15.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu15.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu15.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu15.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu15.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu15.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu15.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu15.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu15.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu15.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu15.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu15.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu15.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu15.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu15.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu15.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu15.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu15.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu15.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu15.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu15.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu15.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu15.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu15.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu15.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu15.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu15.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu15.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu15.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu15.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu15.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu15.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu15.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu15.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu15.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu15.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu15.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu15.icache.tagsinuse              528.128753                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu15.icache.total_refs             1093077347                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.sampled_refs                  529                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.avg_refs             2066308.784499                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu15.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.inst    38.128753                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.icache.occ_blocks::cpu15.inst          490                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.inst     0.061104                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::cpu15.inst     0.785256                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::total       0.846360                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.inst     13890870                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      13890870                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.inst     13890870                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_hits::total       13890870                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.inst     13890870                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_hits::total      13890870                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           53                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           53                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           53                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_misses::total           53                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           53                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_misses::total           53                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      9139555                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      9139555                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      9139555                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      9139555                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      9139555                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      9139555                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst     13890923                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     13890923                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst     13890923                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_accesses::total     13890923                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst     13890923                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_accesses::total     13890923                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 172444.433962                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 172444.433962                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 172444.433962                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 172444.433962                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 172444.433962                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 172444.433962                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu15.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           14                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      7179019                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      7179019                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      7179019                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      7179019                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      7179019                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      7179019                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 184077.410256                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 184077.410256                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 184077.410256                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 184077.410256                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 184077.410256                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 184077.410256                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu15.dcache.replacements                82044                       # number of replacements
system.cpu15.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu15.dcache.total_refs              194775725                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.sampled_refs                82300                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_refs              2366.655225                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.data   234.380193                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu15.data    21.619807                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.data     0.915548                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::cpu15.data     0.084452                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data      9632442                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       9632442                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data      7982765                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      7982765                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data        22227                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        22227                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data        18625                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        18625                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.data     17615207                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_hits::total       17615207                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.data     17615207                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_hits::total      17615207                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data       208962                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       208962                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data          918                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          918                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.data       209880                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_misses::total       209880                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.data       209880                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_misses::total       209880                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data  26260808949                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  26260808949                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data     81056875                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     81056875                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data  26341865824                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  26341865824                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data  26341865824                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  26341865824                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data      9841404                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      9841404                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data      7983683                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      7983683                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data        22227                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        22227                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data        18625                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        18625                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.data     17825087                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_accesses::total     17825087                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.data     17825087                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_accesses::total     17825087                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.021233                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021233                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.000115                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000115                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.011774                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.011774                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.011774                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.011774                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 125672.653157                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 125672.653157                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 88297.249455                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 88297.249455                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 125509.175834                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 125509.175834                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 125509.175834                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 125509.175834                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu15.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu15.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         9683                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu15.dcache.writebacks::total            9683                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data       127070                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       127070                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data          766                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          766                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data       127836                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       127836                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data       127836                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       127836                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data        81892                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        81892                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data          152                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          152                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data        82044                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        82044                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data        82044                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        82044                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   9352661477                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   9352661477                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data     10461611                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     10461611                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   9363123088                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   9363123088                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   9363123088                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   9363123088                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.008321                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.008321                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.000019                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000019                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.004603                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004603                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.004603                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004603                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 114207.266607                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 114207.266607                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 68826.388158                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 68826.388158                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 114123.191068                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 114123.191068                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 114123.191068                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 114123.191068                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
